# An Expensive Mess
"They're beautiful..." Ina said. In her hands, she held a pair of soft, frilly white panties. They practically shone with beauty, a perfect pair of pristine panties.
Lamy smiled and gave a small giggle. "They're the most expensive pair I've ever bought for anyone. That pair cost  200,000 yen." 
"Woah!" Ina said, in awe.
"It should be like wearing a cloud of pure happiness. Won't you wear it on our dinner later?"
"Yeah, of course!" Ina said, smiling brightly in return. "I can put them on right now, actually. Do you... want to watch?" Ina giggled.
Lamy crossed her legs in her legs and leaned forward, looking eager for a show. Ina reached under her skirt and pulled her black panties with white lining sensually down her legs, past her knees and too her ankles. As they slid down, Lamy noticed a small streak of yellow and brown faintly staining the lining and her expression faltered just a moment. Ina, not noticing, continued her sensual removal of her panties, stepped out of them and brushed them to the side. She then extended one leg, pulled it over one leg, and then the other, then slid them up tightly around her hips, under her skirt.
Lamy hesitated a moment and then spoke up. "So, just so we're on the same page, you need to be extra careful with these. Um, I can send the complete list of washing requirements. I mean, you might not even want to clean them with your other clothes at all. I suggest you make sure that you try to avoid getting them dirty in the first place and... well..."
"Don't worry, I'll take care of them!" Ina said reassuringly. "They're a gift after all."
"Okay, I believe you. I put all my love and feelings into those, so please treat them with care. Treat them like you would my feelings."
"You got it." Ina winked.
***
At dinner, they had an incredibly fine dining experience. Ina wasn't used to this kind of restaurant luxury. Lamy would rant endlessly at the array of alcohols the establishment had, and talked about how she felt about each one, giving them detailed ratings. Ina didn't fully follow, but she listened anyway to the girl rant about something she cared about.
They ate full to bursting, each girl rubbed their expanded bellies as they finished their meals. Even after the meal was over, they continued to chat animatedly at their tables. So excited was their conversation, Ina ignored the growing pain in her stomach as her food baby began to disagree with her. As Ina shifted in her seat uncomfortably, her ass rubbed against the immaculately comfortable panties and she realized what the cost would be if she put this off for too long.
"Uh! I think I might... ughhh." Ina's stomach pain began to worsen as she could feel something heavy in her lower intestines. "Oh no!"
"Are you okay? Do you need my help?" Lamy said with concern.
Ina stumbled towards the bathroom, but knocked into a waiter, sending herself careening stomach first over a nearby table, where a rich-looking couple was enjoying a rare steak. The sound of clattering dishes, a tray, several glasses and food hitting the floor immediately drew all eyes in the restaurant onto Ina. The shock to her stomach was enough to knock the wind out of her, and she lost her ability to clench herself shut. With her skirt blown up, her  bare, fancy panties exposed for the whole fancy restaraunt to see, Ina completely lost control of her bowels. 
The first thing that came out was a nasty-smelling fart. It wasn't particularly loud, but after the chaos of the dropped tray, the whole restaraunt had gone quiet. Beneath the fine silk, the next thing to emerge was a thick brown turtle head. Ina tried her best to hold it in, but the foul turd slipped out of her ass and immediately began to stain the pure white panties as a chunk of solid shit filled the panties. The feeling of soiling such expensive panties felt miserable, but it was disgustingly comfortable. 
Lamy made a horrified gasp, as she watched her date take a 200,000 yen shit in the brand new panties she had so lovingly sought out for her. The stench quickly wafted its way over to her, so she covered her face. The other patrons of the restraunt all made disgusted sounds and backed away from the humiliated girl.
Ina let slip her bowels again. Unlike the solid piece that she had pushed out earlier, the next log was slimy and mushy. The mushy stool bulged out the panties further and further, leaving a large bulge in the seat of the panties.
The frilly panties, which had been light and airy were beginning to strain as the shit piled up more and more, pushing the elasticity to its limits. At this point, the bands were stretched enough that the log started to drip out of her panties and down her leg, leaving a streak of brown down her exposed thigh and ruining her stocking as well.
Ina, blushing and shaking from the humiliation, pushed herself off of the table and slowly turned to face Lamy. The cold look of utter horror and disgust from her date made her stutter for a moment as all eyes from the restaraunt were on her. 
The maitre'd approached and broke the silence. "Ms Ninomae, I think it might be best if you leave."
Ina was led by the arm out of the restaraunt, to the judging stares of all of the other patrons.
"Maybe it's best if we... just wear our fancy underwear at home next time?" Ina said, dying inside.
Lamy sighed.