You slowly open your eyes to the sound of birds, and cars in the distance. Checking the clock you realize it's just a little after ten in the morning, but that's fine. You had a busy night last night, drinking with work colleagues and then when you got home, you and Shiori had a little fun too. Also, it's a Saturday, your day off. Checking the bed next to you, you notice that Shiori is no longer sleeping. When you woke up earlier she was peacefully snoozing and you kissed her on the cheek before going back down for a couple more hours. You wonder if she did the same when she woke up.

Quickly slipping on some comfortable around the house clothes you head downstairs to where you suspect Shiori is, the living room. She's always curled up on the couch with a book, playing a game or watching TV. There's also her habit of constantly pacing around the different rooms, she needs to get her ten thousand steps after all. Something she cutely refers to as her 'steppies'. Entering the living room with a yawn, as expected you find Shiori there. She's playing a game on her Switch. Pausing to look at you, Shiori smiles warmly. "Good morning, honey," she says, patting the couch next to her, inviting you to sit. "Did you sleep well?"

Plopping yourself down next to her, still somewhat asleep you nod your head lightly in response. You feel her hand run through your hair, scratching the back of your head affectionately before she turns her attention back to her game, the music filling the room and the silence between the two of you. "What are you playing?" You ask curiously, looking over and only seeing two pretty boys on screen. "It's a new otome game. I'm aiming for him," Shiori says, gesturing toward the regal blonde you see on screen before you. "He's the prince of a nation that has been betrayed by the main character's, my father in war. He starts off as your enemy but after realizing that you're a kind person he starts opening up. I'm confident I've nearly got him." Shiori advances a few more text boxes and you hear the prince's suave voice from the Switch speaker. You're not quite sure how you feel about your wife's hobbies, but you've accepted them as an important part of who she is.

"Did I ever tell you that you have bad taste in men?" You joke, elbowing Shiori in the side lightly. She snaps her head in your direction, her face scrunched up in a pout, before her expression lightens. Putting the Switch on the table next to the couch she slithers over to you, snaking her arms around your neck, pulling herself closer to your face. "Oh believe me, I have the absolute worst taste in men." Shiori giggles as she plants a kiss square on your lips. After a few seconds she backs off, breaking the kiss but still holding you in her embrace before heading in for another peck. "So, what do you want to do today?" Shiori inquires, between smooches. "We've both got the day off, so we could go out to do something. Or, we could enjoy each other's company right here."

It's late in the evening, and the orange and purple sky that will soon transition to night paints the sky as you walk to the front door. You've just finished your shift at work. Taking your key and letting yourself in, you announce your arrival in a loud voice to the rest of the household. "I'm home." Taking your shoes off and placing your coat on the hook by the entrance you're puzzled when you don't hear any response. No "Welcome home," echoing from inside your abode, nor the sound of bounding footsteps as your beloved wife comes to see you, normally greeting you with a warm smile and an even warmer hug. No matter, she must be busy. You can smell the smell of dinner preparations so you decide to greet her in the kitchen

Making your way there, you see her standing at the stove. She's wearing an apron over the top of her casual house wear. You love to see it, it gives off a feeling of comfort, of home. Sneaking up behind her you hug Shiori from behind, a regular surprise attack you launch on her often. She normally melts in your embrace, entrusting her body to you, but today is different. Shiori jumps in surprise and shakes you off. That's odd, but something else catches your eye. The food frying in the deep fryer is more than a shade of golden brown, so reaching over her you lift the basket, but Shiori squeals and retreats a few steps back. Something's wrong, you can tell from that reaction. She's never rebuffed you, much less acted like this. "I'm back," you announce again. Shiori shakes her head a few times, trying to clear her mental fog before smiling a weak smile. "Welcome home."

Shiori isn't very talkative over dinner. She's mostly apologetic. It's not as if the fried chicken was burned, but it was definitely overcooked. You're mostly used to this from the early days when you two started dating, but in the years since and especially since you got married, Shiori has been quite proficient at cooking. Of course you tell her it's okay, everyone has days they're not at their best, but this does little to improve her mood. In fact it may have worsened it. You tell Shiori about your day, about how your shitty boss made you stay a little overtime, about that stupid mistake you made, but she still remains nonresponsive, only nodding and replying with simple one word responses.

After dinner, after the dishes have been done, you and Shiori normally retreat to the living room and curl up on the couch for some private snuggle time. Tonight however, Shiori insists on doing the washing up alone, telling you to go ahead and watch TV or read a book. The concern growing within you, you fidget on the couch until you notice Shiori standing at the entrance to the living room. She beckons you back to the dining room, to sit at the table. She's prepared you a hot drink. "It's hot chocolate," Shiori says. "I've made it with milk, it's how you like it, right?" You remember how when you first started dating Shiori would make hot chocolate with just the boiling water and you nod back at her. "Thanks."

Sitting at the table, you notice Shiori playing with her wedding ring. What a wonderful day that was. It's still vividly in your mind, even over a year later. That Shiori would be your wonderful wife is something from beyond a dream, a fantasy. Shiori interrupts your daydreaming by speaking. First she struggles to get the words out, but then she makes coherent sentences. "You, you know what?" she says. "I've been thinking that I'm not ready. That this isn't something I can do." Your heart instantly sinks. Considering she's been playing with her ring, you think of the worst straight away. You were never much of an optimist, but being with Shiori changed that, let you hope for a brighter future. What Shiori's suggesting now, you can't even bear to think about. Much less want to hear her say it. You lose focus, unable to clearly hear what Shiori is saying as she rambles on. It's over. It's really really over.

Then, Shiori stands up and walks to a cabinet. She retrieves a small cardboard box and places it on the table. You've seen that box before, at the grocery store, you and Shiori have used that before. It didn't end up happening last time, but the dread and despair in your heart is now gone. You instantly understand why Shiori has been absent-minded tonight, and excitement takes you over. You know what she's going to say, but you try your hardest to hold back the smile that wants to break out on your face.

Shiori reaches inside the box, she continues speaking while she's doing so, but you only hear parts of what she says over your heart thumping louder and louder within your chest. She says she's not sure she can do it. She says she doubts herself. But you know she's going to be great, and you'll help her out of course. Removing a small plastic stick from inside the box Shiori presents it to you, showing you the result. "So, it seems I'm pregnant," Shiori announces, her voice shaking. "You're going to be a father."