Loud steps could be heard along the hall, the origin of them came from a blue haired girl running like if her life depended on it. This was Kronii, she was dashing like a comet holding her stomach tight with both of her arms. Ironic how the warden of time seemed to be running out of seconds as her condition worsened each passing moment.

"Gosh I'm so stupid *guuh* I s-should have never eaten those" Kronii says with a pained expression "Just a little bit more, yeah a just a bit more and I'll reach the bathroo- *ughhhh* no no no please!!"

A loud grumble followed by an intense pain on her insides destroyed every hope she had of making it in time, whatever waste her body was producing wanted to come out now. She supported herself with an arm on the wall, while the other was tightly gripping her ass in an attempt to stop the inevitable. Sweat was pouring like a fountain from her face as she walked along the wall with a defeated expression. 

"*ugh* This is so humiliating, I really hope nobody finds me like this" Kronii kneels to the ground in pain, ready to let it all out.

Just as she was about to soil herself in the middle of the hall she saw someone coming towards her. It was none other than Mumei mumbling her original song without a care in the world. It didn't take her long to notice the flustered blue haired girl.

"Oh hey watcha doing over there? You feeling alright?" Mumei asked oblivious to her friend's suffering.

It was at that moment of desperation Kronii had an idea. All feelings of guilt and hesitation didn't matter anymore, soiling herself in front of Mumei of all people would be the biggest humiliation of her life, she'd never heard the end of this. "It's fine, right?" "It's the better outcome after all" thoughts like this invaded her mind as her bowels started to give in. It was now or never.

"M-mumei haha nice seeing you here *aghh* fuck I need to ask you a favor quick!" Kronii stood up, her expression changing to a nervous smile

"Ummm you aren't looking great, I'll help you out alright" Mumei puts on a brave innocent face.

"Great, fantastic *guuuuh* fuck... just get on your knees with your mouth open. Quick *uuuu*" 

"Ehhh why? I don't get this at all--"

"JUST DO IT PLEASE!!!!"  Kronii yells in agony as her legs shake like a jelly.

"Fineeeee, you don't have to scream you know. It's only you and me right now" Mumei carefully kneels to the ground, with an audible *ahhh* she opens her mouth.

Kronii freezes time immediately. The owl girl is frozen in place defenseless with a blank expression on her face.

"You'll have to forgive me later for this but I can't hold it anymore *uuuuh* fuck fuck fuck" 

Kronii rushes to drop her panties to the ground and turns around. Her ass completely towering the smaller bird girl as she positions herself quickly for the upcoming mess. It doesn't take long for a big snake like turd to come out of her sweaty swollen asshole. Kronii can't help but moan quietly, she had been holding on for quite some time, and so she pushes without hesitation. Her feces don't stop coming, softer with each passing one. Every single of them falls into the mouth of the owl girl which at this point it's nothing more than a clogged toilet, with all of Kronii's waste overflowing and covering her face.

"Goddammit, why is it so much?..." Kronni says while taking a peek behind "Whatever I'll just clean her up before time resumes *phew* that felt good tho"

-

"..........."

"Hey Mumei, you hear me?

"Uhhh oh? ahhh wait what happened?" Mumei looks to the sides confused like if she just wake up from a long dream.

"Eh n-nothing at all! *Ahem* First I'd like to thank you for your help, you're a lifesaver" Kronii politely bows hiding her obvious guilt.

"Wait I remember now, you asked me to do something weird. What was that for? Did you play a prank on me or something?!" 

"Calm down. I was only teasing you,  nothing happened nope nothing at all--- *growl*" Kronii's tummy suddenly rumbles once more to the shock of both girls.

"Eww that doesn't sound good---"

Time gets frozen once more.

"Sorry Mumei, looks like you're going to keep me company until this food poisoning stops"

While in frozen time Kronii would relieve the entirety of her foul emissions into the unaware owl girl for the rest of the next 2 days. Continuous streams of fecal matter and rancid farts would be poured into her little throat. Thankfully to both of them, kronii's shits eventually became just pure liquid as her diarrhea worsened, making it easy to just let everything get flushed down into Mumei. 

Kronii wasn't merciless, she unfroze time at many points to let Mumei rest and would freeze it again each time she felt another wave of shit coming, Mumei started to notice a weird taste in her mouth in each occasion time got unfrozen. Kronii reassured her it was her imagination and so time passed.

-

"Hey Mumei, you feeling ok?" Kronii asked, knocking on Mumei's bathroom door

"*uuuuuh* I suddenly got stomach sick, I didn't even eat anything weird what the hell" Mumei said on a frustrated tone.

"Oh That is so weird.....oh well ask me if you need anything. I'll help in any way I can my *little toilet*" Kronii said with a sadistic grin

"huh?! what did you call me. This isn't funny!!"

"Hehe Sorry, get good alright. I'll need you later...."
