## Sharing Heat
*Fetishes and other such tags*
*- Clothed sex*
*- Size difference*
*- Rimjob*
*- Light musk*
*- Gator/Cobra*
*- Jockstrap*
*- Excessive swearing from a flustered snake*

"Wait, what did you just say?" The thin, spectacled cobra asked astonished, turning his head away from his comic to the gator standing in the doorway. Wayne seemed to have just gotten back from the gym, or maybe he had practice today… It did not matter as he dripped sweat and water onto the floor. Sullying the cobra’s well-kept room with the smell of jock. The strong, foul, smell making the cobra’s hood, and loins, flare up as he flicked his tongue. He counted himself lucky that he was studying in his bed, as he did not want Wayne to notice his blossoming excitement as the cobra’s eyes devoured the gator’s chiseled body. Following from his toned abs, his strong chest with one pierced pec, up to the gator’s toothy, smiling, maw.

"Oh, sorry. I guess you were stuck in your book Kavi."  Wayne said as he leaned against the doorframe, one of his thumbs sneaking underneath his loose shorts. "I wondered if I fuck you.” He asked once more, feeling his warm blood flow to his member with a warm pulse. Wayne noting the subtle shift in the cobra’s posture as he reiterated his crass request decided to continue. 

“I've been a bit pent up lately, and I know so have you.” He said while groping his crotch, feeling his manhood warmly pulse beneath his clothes. The snake's eyes, despite trying to keep his eyes steadfast on Wayne’s head, locked onto the throbbing bulge in the croc's shorts which he was gently cupping. The gator’s cock pulsed against the fabric as it grew down his leg, eventually having his tip poke out of his clothes. Kavi swallowed, trying to still his lust unsuccessfully, as turned back to his comic. "Fine! I'm wearing a jockstrap anyway, so you better do all the work." He said, a deep blush forming on his scales as he feigned disinterest, while raising his tail. 

The cobra heard a hum followed by heavy footsteps behind him as the alligator walked closer, each step making Kavi lose focus, no longer reading his comic. The soft sound of Wayne’s shorts hitting the ground got drowned out by him sitting down between Kavi’s legs, the springs straining with their combined weights. Looking over his shoulder, the snake saw Wayne’s cock pulse against his thigh, a strand of pre hanging off the tip, as he pulled off his grey briefs. Wayne’s length striking his abs, the rope of pre splattering against his brown stomach, as he freed his crotch. A shiver ran up Kavi’s spine as the gator grabbed the snake's hips, gently caressing his flank, before pulling down the cobra’s jeans. 

The croc whistled as he saw the cobra's ass being hugged by the underwear’s straps, accentuating Kavi’s bountiful, for a think snake’s, rear. “What a fine frame these jocks make for your butt.” Wayne said, trailing his fingers down Kavi’s tail before groping his cheek. Giving up the façade, the cobra threw the comic away and groaned. “Shut up. It’s for my tail, not your viewing pleassssure.” He said, hissing in surprise as Wayne placed his shaft between Kavi’s buttocks. The gator grinding his shaft against Kavi’s soft scales, sending a shiver down his thick tail before he pulled away. Holding back a wanting moan, the cobra turned to see Wayne grab his hips once more. Closing his eyes, Kavi sighed as the gator rubbed his flanks, his surprisingly tender a blessing on his hips. Before Kavi turned to scaly clay, Wayne gripped his hips harder and hoisted him up.

"What are you doing!?" The cobra asked, his shocked tone lightly muffled having his shirt fall over his head. Kavi’s tail instinctually coiling around Wayne’s chest as he held pressed his hands into the mattress, his body tensing up trying to hold himself stable. Ignoring the snake’s question, Wayne opened his maw and dragged his tongue from the cobra’s taint up to his ass, licking Kavi’s quivering rim. Feeling a moan in his throat, Kavi bit into his shirt. Doing a tight balancing act of preventing any noise and not falling over while Wayne lubed his rear. "What does it look like I’m doing? The croc asked sarcastically, laughing slightly before spreading Kavi’s ass apart with his snout. The musky smell goading him on to prod his wide tongue against the snake's hole.

Kavi pulled himself closer against the croc as he prodded against hiss entrance, the grip with his tail tightening as to hold the gator in place. "Fuck." The snake said through his shirt, feeling his own member throb to life inside his jock. Close to moaning as Kavi felt his own turgid cock strain against his jockstrap, he grabbed his clothed erection, stroking his shaft as the alligator relished in the cobra’s mildly sweaty rear. Wayne nearly devouring the snake’s ass while he lubed up Kavi’s rear. Persevering through a tail tightening round his chest and Kavi grinding his butt on his snout, Wayne’s tongue finally pushed through the slick ring, making the snake freeze up with a groan.

With a wet pop the gator pulled his wide tongue out, giving one last agonizingly long lick before he admired the slickened scales of Kavi’s rear. After admiring his handywork, one of his best spit shines by far he guessed, Wayne let go of the cobra’s hips, allowing Kavi to unceremoniously fall back to the bed. "Hey! At least give me a heads up before you drop me."  Kavi said, one hand pulling his shirt off his head and the other still rubbing his erect shaft. 

“Oh, yeah. Sorry for that.” Wayne said as he apologetically stroked the cobra’s back. “You good?” Kavi hummed as the gator rubbed him, Wayne’s dexterous fingers eventually reaching the base of the snake’s tail. Impossible for the snake to stay mad at the croc for long, especially if he treated Kavi’s tail well. “Yeah, I’m good still.” The snake said with a nod, easing Wayne’s worries with the motion. “But I hope you weren’t done yet. It’s rude to drop me, and it would be even ruder to blue ball me.” Kavi continued, raising his hips to press his ass against the gator’s rock-hard dick. “Are you going to leave me hanging?” The snake said with a blush, his voice wavering with burning desire.

The alligator answered the cobra’s question by lining up his cock against the snake's hole, gently pushing himself inside. The spit-shined, slightly gaping entrance made it easy for Wayne to spread Kavi’s ring round his tip, but the cobra still bit into his pillow as he felt the dick slowly spread him open. Wayne bit his lower lip as his glans disappeared inside Kavi’s pink ring, the two reptiles shivering with pleasure as they shared their heat. The velvet soft hole dotting kisses along Wayne’s glans as it hugged him, and shaft spreading Kavi apart making his ring burn with pleasure. Craving more, they both pushed themselves closer. Partaking more in the other’s intoxicating warmth.

Eventually, their hips met. Wayne’s crotch firmly against Kavi’s rear, fully bottoming out the blushing snake’s ass. Droll dripping out his maw over as the tight, warm insides massaged his cock. The spectacled cobra was out of breath; The searing pain being overpowered by an intense pleasure as he got accustomed to the croc's size, the dick pulsing against his prostate making the snake’s cock leak pre. 

Leaning down, the gator nuzzled his lower jaw against the cobra's hood, trying to get his attention. "Don't think I can last long. You good?" He asked, fighting against his desire to start to move his hips Letting go of the pillow, two small punctures on it, Kavi panted, trying to not moan as the cock inside him pushed out a rope of pre with a hearty throb. "Yeah... Go ahead.” The cobra said, grabbing the top of the croc’s head before nuzzling back.

Slowly Wayne began to pull out, groaning as the soft internal walls hugged his dick as it left. The air, biting cold compared to Kavi’s warm insides, stung against the gator’s cock, urging the alligator to plunge in fast. Desiring that warmth to surround him, he thrusted in again, his hips meeting Kavi’s rear with a hearty clap. What followed was a surprised yelp from Kavi as the sudden force made him rock forward, the motion making his hand stroke his clothed erection. 

Wayne built up a rhythm post haste, wanting to make the best of his short fuse. Both for him and the cobra underneath him. Scales meeting scales echoed in the room as their desires met over and over, the gator’s sack tighten up against his crotch as he the cobra in his loving grip. Kavi fared no better, the powerful thrusts made Wayne’s gland grind against his prostate, making the cobra’s strokes smother as he jerked his cock. Soon he felt nauseated, something heavy forming in his core before flowing down to his crotch, a pressure building inside the cobra’s dick as it swung in the air. 

The pressure became too much for Kavi as he bit into his pierced pillow once more, speeding up his strokes. With a muffled grunt, the cobra came. Enveloping his dick in a strange, viscous warmth as he pumped more cum into his jock with each stroke. Wayne, feeling Kavi’s insides convulse around his dick as the snake came, hilted inside the cobra with a powerful thrust, groaning from the depths of his gullet as he came. Ropes of pearly white seed flowed deep into the cobra, his cum trickling out of the snake’s hole as his cock pulsed. Winded from his powerful orgasm, Wayne struggled to hold himself, and Kavi, up as he felt his strength disappearing. Unceremoniously falling onto the bed, with the snake underneath him.

Trapped between his bed and the Wayne’s chiseled body, Kavi tried to escape from underneath the gator. But his shaking body could not lift himself, let alone the heavy gator on top, so he gave up. Instead enjoying the afterglow as he felt Wayne’s warm cum in his gut.

"So, a jockstrap?” Wayne asked between breaths as he rolled over onto his side, his hands slowly venturing underneath the snake’s shirt to pull him closer. “Well…” Kavi started, his blush deepening as he tried to find the right words. “I didn’t lie when I said it was for the tail. But, I remember you liking them a bit.” The snake continued, the discomfort of having his jeans by his knees now coming back to him. It went silent. Kavi felt was his own heart beating, and Wayne’s beating into his back, as he hoped something would break the quiet. Unfortunately for the cobra, what broke the silence was the gator’s heartfelt laughter, further embarrassing him. “Oh, shut up! If you’re just going to laugh, then you can kiss goodbye any other surprises in the future.” Kavi almost yelled, the flustered snake elbowing the gator behind him in hopes he would stop. 

“Surprises in the future, eh? What else have you cooked up?” Wayne asked, his laughter persevering through the cobra’s elbowing. Instead of adding fuel to the gator’s raucous laughter, Kavi went silent. Feeling his cheeks burn from admitting that. Eventually, Wayne’s laughter died down, once more leaving the room quiet as the gator stroked Kavi’s lithe form. “Sorry for laughing. I really appreciate you doing this for me, maybe you could walk around with only these on while we’re home?” The gator said, placing his jaw on top of Kavi’s head. “Maybe… But don’t push your luck. It’s only fair if I get something in return.” The cobra said, shimmying closer in the gator’s embrace. “Deal.” Wayne said, kissing Kavi’s hood before enjoying their afterglow filled embrace.