/gmad/ request
tags: Headpats, Cuddles, Human, Feral Dragon, Kissing, Teasing, Deep Kissing, Leggings/Slutty Attire, Sweat/Musk, Submission, Ball Worship

																						Difficulty sleeping 

For Sam, it was a day like any other. He woke up next to the dragon that was occupying the other two thirds of his bed. He sat up, stretched, and scratched the dragon's lower jaw. Rinel grunted in response, and wrapped his arms around Sam, holding him close for warmth. As annoying as it was some days, Sam was used to it. On days where he was busy or running late, he would rub his snout a few times to get let go. On days like these, where he could relax, he would simply lay there while Rinel absorbed his heat. 

At this rate, it would only take another fifteen minutes, maybe ten since he left the window blinds down. The sun was shining on his orange scales and beige underbelly, partially turning the room into a soft orange color that reminded Sam of a calm sunset. The dragon's short horns rattled against the bed as he tossed and turned in his light sleep. Based on his the tip of his fat, dark black dick peeking out of his sheathe, he could only assume he was close to waking up. There was only an inch or two peeking out, but it was already partially flared and leaking precum. 

"Time to get out of bed", Sam muttered to himself

Sam knew Rinel was blessed in a number of ways. Calling him hung didn't do it justice. For a smaller dragon his size, he was packing. Sam could easily fit his entire hand in the dragon's sheathe if he wanted. He was tempted on many occasions, but didn't feel the need to test that theory quite yet. Rinel's pomegranate sized balls hung below him, resting casually on the bed. They were massive. Rinel refused to walk on his hind legs in public because of it. Partially out of embarrassment, partially because he was trying to understand more about humans. He knew that they wore clothes in public, but still had trouble trying to grasp the concept. Apparently it was "weird" and "unsettling" to see a dragon walk on two legs. Rinel was quite good at it, but only ever did it at home. 

Sam just laid there next to the dragon, not sure if he was comfortable moving yet. He reached up and scratched under Rinel's jaw just to hear him purr. "Hey, come on, we got a lot of stuff to do today" he whispered. Rinel responded by yawning, licking Sam's face, then letting go of him before rolling on his side. Sam got up and put on a shirt while Rinel lifted his hind leg ever so slightly and winked at him while saying "I know you like what you see". Sam chuckled at him and said "Oh come on, stop teasing." Rinel obliged, and flopped back down on the bed playfully.

Sam continued getting dressed while Rinel rolled out of bed and stretched like a cat. Tail raised, legs spread, back arched. He stretched his wings and lifted his left hind leg until he felt his joints pop. He groaned a little before saying "fuck, that felt nice", while still hunched over. He turned around and nuzzled his head under Sam's arm. Despite laying in the sun for so long, he was still a little cool to the touch. Sam looked at the weather on his phone, then looked down at Rinel. "Well, it's gonna be warm outside for a while, hopefully we can get back without too many issues." Rinel perked up at the thought, getting to enjoy some time outside with Sam was nice, but getting to tease him in public was something he just couldn't pass up. Rinel moved from under Sam, took a few steps back, then stood up on his hind legs and walked out of the room, ducking to avoid smacking his head on the way out.

Sam messed around on his phone for another couple minutes, and stopped when he heard Rinel moving stuff around in the kitchen. He walked into the kitchen and saw Rinel getting ready to cook breakfast. No matter how many times he watched this happen, he still couldn't believe how dextrous the dragon's claws were. Sure, he was using oversized cooking utensils, but it was still endearing to see Rinel cook for him. 

Rinel grabbed 5 eggs, one by one, and skillfully cracked them with one hand. He figured he would just cook something easy. He grabbed a fork and started beating them, humming to himself. Sam couldn't help but watch his massive balls jiggle while this happened, fixated by the sight. He finally broke his gaze when Rinel poured the mixture into a warm pan on the stove, watching it carefully to make sure it didn't burn. 

Sam poured some of Rinel's favorite coffee into the coffee maker and flipped it on. The coffee finished brewing while he threw a couple pieces of bread into the toaster. The two sat down together and enjoyed a simple breakfast, cracking jokes and planning out what they were going to do today. They figured a quick trip to get Rinel some clothes was the best bet. Sam suggested getting a blanket and tossing it over Rinel while they walked around and he agreed.  

They cleaned up and headed out, taking their time enjoying a casual twenty minute stroll to the nearest dragon "friendly" store. They passed a few other clothed dragons who gave Rinel a weird, almost hostile gaze before stomping off, like they were irritated about something. Rinel tried to play it off like they were mocking him for wearing the blanket to keep warm, but in reality it was his scent being all over Sam. Since they lived together, he had gotten so used to the smell that it didn't bother him anymore, but there was always someone who couldn't believe the intense musk coming from such a small dragon.

Sam and Rinel walked in the store. The male cashier started to greet them, froze, started coughing, then regained his composure. "Welcome to the store" he paused to force himself to start breathing out of his mouth and continued, "are you looking for anything in particular?". For once, the cashier was glad the store was empty. The dragon's musk could have cleared out a room alone. Rinel stared at him just long enough to make it uncomfortable, then gave him a knowing wink, and spoke up "Yeah, just looking for some clothes, nothing too fancy."

Sam broke off while Rinel talked to the clerk. He looked around and saw a weird, almost saddle like item that had a couple pouches on the side for storage. He stared at a long, blue piece of fabric with matching two foot long holes cut in the back, wondering what it was before picking it up and realizing it was a dragon "hoodie", complete with sleeves. "He is always bitching about being cold", he said to himself jokingly. "Maybe this will help" he continued while looking at the size tag.

Rinel and the cashier kept talking. They walked around, making sure Sam wasn't nearby, he looked at the cashier with a serious expression before speaking up "alright, what's the sluttiest stuff you got? I want to surprise him" he said while pointing a wing in Sam's direction. The cashier looked Rinel up and down, trying to gauge what would interest him the most. He snapped his fingers before saying "I got it, follow me to the dressing area." 

Rinel called out to Sam, and told him he would be back shortly. Sam waved back at him. The cashier couldn't help but feel a little jealous of Sam, who had such a nice relationship with a kinky dragon on top of that. 

Some time passed. Then Rinel called Sam back into the room. The lighting wasn't the best, but it didn't take Sam long to realize what he was looking at. Rinel stood there, bent over, tail raised. His head was on the ground, craned backwards so he could look at Sam between his hind legs. "Well, what do you think?"

He was wearing a pair of black leggings and matching thong-like underwear that were so skin tight he could see his tailhole through the fabric. Near the base of his tail and on each side of his hind legs were little clips that were used to take them off or put them on. The fabric did nothing to hide the dragon's massive balls, or the wet spot that was starting to form at his sheathe. Sam casually grabbed the fabric near the base of his tail and pulled it away, then watched it snap back down into place. His toned ass jiggled a little, and Rinel couldn't help but let out a startled yelp. Despite how durable the fabric was, Sam did silently admit to himself that it looked good on the dragon. From a human's perspective, Rinel was fairly muscular for his species. Just looking at his back and forearms was enough, but seeing his muscles ripple under him while he moved was even better. Just seeing the veins in his neck and forearms convinced Sam how strong Rinel really was. Despite the brute strength he possessed, he was very generous and delicate with his actions. It was something that Sam couldn't quite understand, but liked about Rinel either way. 

Before Rinel could even respond. Sam was already undoing the clips and helping Rinel out of the clothes. He flashed the cashier a quick thumbs up and said "yeah, I'll take these too". He threw the blanket back over Rinel and they both walked out back to the lobby.  

The cashier rung up the Rinel's "clothes" and the hoodie that Sam found and watched them walk out the door. Once the door closed, he watched them walk away while saying "That lucky motherfucker". 

-------------------------------

Sam and Rinel enjoyed their walk home together. The weather wasn't too bad, so they decided to take a quick detour at a nearby park with a small lake. It was only noon by the time they got there. A nice breeze settled in, and Sam figured Rinel wanted to stay outside longer, so he didn't mind. It's not like he had any more plans today. 

Sam took the blanket off Rinel, and the two just sat there. If it wasn't such a spur of the moment thing, Rinel would have asked Sam to prepare a small picnic or something, but this was still nice. Sam stared off into space while he absent-mindedly pet Rinel. He was so spaced out that he didn't notice Rinel was nudging his hand away and  gradually leaning on him. 

Rinel licked his face.

"Hey." he continued "Hey, you seem kinda mad about something." he said while craning his face towards Sam's, "something bothering you?"

Startled out of his thoughts, Sam blinked a bit, smiled, then pat Rinel's head some more. "No, nothing really I'm just a little tired, that's all." Sam laid there with Rinel's head on his stomach. "Besides, there's no way I could be mad at you, ya know?" he said while leaning forward a bit and kissing Rinel between his horns. 

Rinel's eyes widened. His heart fluttered while his previously concerned face became relieved. "Well, I think I know what will cheer you up" he said while partially standing up so that Sam was between his front legs. Rinel looked down at him, with his tongue hanging out of his mouth.  He broke his gaze for a second to take a quick look around, to make sure nobody would interrupt this, then brought his face closer to Sam's. He stayed like that, breathing deeply for a while to try and calm himself down, then slowly started licking Sam's face. He started at his chin, went down to his neck, and then up to his forehead. 

"Hey wait a sec-" Sam pleaded, but it was no use. Rinel took the opportunity to shove his tongue in Sam's mouth. Sam started playing along, he jokingly tried to push the dragon's head back, but only got scooped up in Rinel's arms. This continued for a few moments, then Rinel pulled his head back to let Sam catch his breath for a moment. 

"Okay I think you made your point-" Sam was interrupted by Rinel's tongue getting shoved in his mouth again. Deeper this time. Rinel made it a point to get it in his throat, but not uncomfortably deep. He let out a satisfied grunt when he noticed Sam was squirming underneath him. 

Rinel was enjoying this just as much as Sam was.  

It didn't help that he was already leaking precum all over Sam's pants. If this continued for too long, Sam would be walking home with a completely ruined pair of shoes. 

Sam broke off the kiss, then sat up and scratched Rinel under his jaw. He could see just how annoyed Rinel was by this and figured he would make it up to him later. He stood up, and stretched, then motioned for Rinel to follow him so they could get back home and continue. Sam threw the blanket on Rinel and they continued the rest of their walk home, with Rinel leaking drops of precum every few steps. 

-------------------------------

They both stepped inside their place and before the door even closed, Rinel tore the blanket off him while Sam went to their room and flung himself on the bed, looking for the remote to the TV. Rinel showed up beside him, and smugly asked, "Hey uh, before you get too comfy, can you help me put those clothes on?". Sam found what he was looking for, then got the clothes out for Rinel. 

Rinel stood there eagerly. He arched his back slightly and lifted up one hind leg, hoping Sam was enjoying the view. He could feel the sweat dripping off him and blushed knowing Sam was into that. Sam chuckled as he put the fabric on that leg, slapped Rinel's ass, then put it on the other. Before putting on the last piece, Sam figured he would have a little fun.

"Yeah, I'm gonna help you alright", he replied.  

Sam lifted the dragon's tail and saw a few beads of sweat drip down from under his tail, down his taint, stopping at his balls. Sam let them rest on his face for a minute or so, just enjoying they weight while he inhaled deeply and whispered "Fuck, you smell good". After he had his fill, he reached up and started massaging Rinel's tailhole. He went nice and slow, using both of his thumbs to spread it slightly, then rubbed the edges of his tight hole with the rest of his fingers. Ignoring Rinel's groans, he continued his way down Rinel's backside and fondled his sweaty balls. He held one massive ball in the palm of his hand, slowly dragging his fingertips from top to bottom. Rinel tried his best to speak up, started saying "Ohmygod" and trailed off into a growl when he felt Sam sucking on his left nut. He arched his back more and Sam started kissing and licking them faster. He could feel Sam alternating between both before he felt Sam's mouth swallow most of one, swirling his tongue around to make sure he got all the sweat. Rinel tried to gather his thoughts and weakly moaned out, "nngghfuck I loveitwhen youdo tha-" he let out a sharp gasp when he felt his nut pop out of Sam's mouth and felt Sam start planting kisses on his taint. His knees started to shake, he involuntarily lifted his tail higher as the tip of his black cock poked out of his puffy sheathe, forcing out at least half a cup's worth of precum onto the floor below him. 

Sam stood up, and looked at the dragon "Look at the mess you're making" Sam teased. An idea formed in his head. He paused for a moment, slapped Rinel's ass again, and said "Lick it up off the floor", then walked around toward's Rinel's face to watch him do it.   

Rinel obeyed, panting and blushing out of embarrassment, while he dragged his tongue on the floor to clean up the mess he made. He gulped it down hungrily, licked his snout, then held his mouth open to show Sam. Sam took another step closer, rubbed him between his horns and said "Good boy", then put on the last piece, making sure to fondle his sheathe before placing it and his sweaty balls in, forcing the tip of his dick to strain against it. Sam clipped it into place, and slapped Rinel's ass a third time, forcing him to shoot out even more precum into the already drenched thong.  

After what felt like the longest ten minutes of his life, Rinel stood up on his hind legs, admired the slutty clothes he was wearing, then got back down on all fours. He lovingly nudged Sam before walking over to his side of the bed, and laying on it so he was perched up on his side. Sam spent his time trying to find something to watch while Rinel laid on the bed, panting and dizzy. Rinel was a little pent up from their short kiss in the park not too long ago, but now he was losing his patience. Sam knew just what to do to drive him crazy and it was working. 

Sam put something on and the two of them watched it comfortably before falling asleep next to each other, with Rinel hugging Sam for warmth. 

-------------------------------

Sam woke up several hours later, realizing that Rinel was moving in his sleep. The sun was finally starting to set, but he didn't really mind. He could see Rinel bucking his hips while he drooled on the bed, still passed out. Rinel had seemed a little restless lately, but Sam had trouble figuring out why until it slowly dawned on him. His eyes widened. 

All that teasing earlier in the day, and Rinel didn't finish. 

That was when Rinel partially rolled on top of Sam and started humping his stomach. He could feel the heat of Rinel's dick resting on him, steadily leaking precum while it grew. Sam started to panic, then relaxed when he heard Rinel let out a small whimper while he continued sleep-humping Sam, drenching his shirt and the sheets under him in thick precum. He had dealt with this before. Sam reached up and slowly rubbed the dragon's neck, causing Rinel to hug him a little bit closer than before. He let out another whimper and started humping him faster. Precum started seeping through his clothes and onto his skin, and he could only wonder how pent up this poor dragon really was. Rinel kept going, every couple minutes, he would grunt and precum would pump out of him, sometimes landing on Sam's neck, or the pillow behind him. Sam closed his eyes, and slowly traced Rinel's dick with his fingers, making him speed up even more. He couldn't even wrap his hand around the entire underside of Rinel's dick, but still made the effort. He could feel every ridge, bump, and even a few veins while it throbbed, spitting out more precum onto his shirt. 

Realizing that wasn't enough, he reached down another few inches until he found Rinel's knot. Rinel let out a frustrated grunt when he touched it, forcing a stream of precum to hit the wall behind them, and completely drench Sam's face. He gave the underside of his knot a few squeezes and heard Rinel start panting, and felt him slow down. The dragon pulled him in even closer, rubbing his dick on his stomach before spraying his entire load all over Sam's body, his pillow, and the wall behind him. He continued spraying for about twenty seconds, before it slowed down, dripping down Sam's thighs and all over Rinel's stomach. 

Rinel yawned and craned his neck a little, laying in his own hot cum, then let go of Sam a little before falling into an even deeper sleep. Sam gave his knot another squeeze. His legs strained, his tail slammed against the ground, and shot out another rope. He made sure to milk the last few drops out of him, then crawled out from underneath him, and stood beside the bed. He looked around the room, then down at his clothes, which were dripping wet with Rinel's load. He wiped his face with one hand, and flicked a massive glob of semen onto the floor. He grabbed one of Rinel's paws and said "You came everywhere" and let him sleep. He swear he saw a grin flash on the dragon's face before throwing his clothes in the hamper and doing his best to clean up the mess that Rinel made. 

It took about twenty or so minutes and three large towels to finish cleaning. He threw them, his clothes and some extra concentrated soap in his washing machine and hit start before taking a quick shower and returning back to their room. He threw on a loose fitting shirt and some shorts, and watched Rinel sleep peacefully in his slutty clothes for a few minutes, then turned around and went to the kitchen to cook some dinner for both of them.
