####Southern Alligator DILF
*Fetishes: 
-Southern accents
-Size Difference
-Gentle dom top Gator
-(minor) Sweat/musk
-Showering together
-Praise kink
-Musclegut
-Passionate sex

>You were really starting to question accepting that promotion. The heat and humidity were getting old, and it had only been one day.
>It was the middle of the summer in Louisiana, where your promotion had landed you a hefty raise at the cost of moving to help manage a long-term restoration project for a podunk town in bumfuck nowhere.
>You had already done all of the work you needed to for the next two weeks to the mayor's office, so now you were stuck waiting for everything to get approved, re-approved and set up.
>The mayor, a kindly older boar seemed pretty happy that your networking skills had gotten him some pretty solid deals, so he gave you the rest of the week off and told you to enjoy exploring the town.
>All you really wanted was somewhere quiet to relax for a while, and it seemed like the only place where old timers wouldn't try strike up a conversation or sell you something was the swamp.
>Conveniently, the mayor's office had pamphlets for renting motorboats to fish in the swamp.
>The rental place was a creaky little dock run by surprisingly cute otter, you'd be inclined to proposition him for some fun if the fact you were in rural Louisiana wasn't making you a little more cautious.
>You figured you could suss out if there were any potential fuckbuddies in town some other time, right now priority number one was curing your boredom.
>You forked out for the smallest dinghy they had as well as some simple bait and gear before the boat lurched to life deeper into the swamp.
>After an hour or so of moving in a (relatively) straight line, you found a quiet spot shaded by huge black willow trees.
>You stopped the boat in a nice, shady corner that had a view of the bayou. This place was actually pretty scenic.
>You set up the fishing rod to attach to the boat before laying back and enjoying the cool, fresh air.
>Fatigue hit you like a brick wall, you must have been a lot more tired than you realized. Surely resting your eyes for a bit couldn't hurt right?
>Within minutes you were out cold.
>When you woke back up it was already night. *crap...* You must have been a lot more worn out than you thought.
>You stretched, trying to get the stiffness out of your back and looked around, you had the strangest sensation, a tickle on your back like someone was watching you.
>You got your bearings and tried to fire up the engine. The swamp was creeping you out and you didn't want to stick around for too long.
>Pulling the rip cord only seemed to get a pathetic wheeze from the engine.
>You tried again, and again but kept getting the same result.
>This was bad, your phone wasn't getting any bars either so you couldn't call for help, and you had nothing to paddle with.
>You were starting to panic, this was a stupid idea from the start and now you were living out the plot of a generic slasher movie.
>It didn't help that you noticed something rippling the water near your boat.
>There was some massive shape approaching from just under the water.
>You were like a deer in headlights, you were totally cornered, whatever was coming had you right where you wanted it.
>The shape was right under you now, suddenly a massive pair of clawed hands rose from the water and gripped the back of the boat.
>Was this thing trying to flip the boat?!
>You looked around for something to swim to, but in the dark all you could see was murky water stretching in every direction.
>You braced yourself for the worst, screwing your eyes shut.
>There was a gentle shove and not much more. You slowly opened your eyes.
>The boat was moving, you still saw the two hands gripping the back, they were gently undulating, whatever this thing was, it was taking you somewhere.
>It was the middle of the night and you didn't fancy hopping into murky swamp-water, besides whatever was under you would probably snatch you immediately if it was navigating the water this easily.
>You quietly maneuver to the bow, turning to look back at the mysterious creature.
>The hands really *are* huge, they could probably snap you like a chicken bone, they were covered in scales too, but you had never heard of a reptile that large.
>A building came into view, it was a large stilt-house illuminating the water around it with a soft, warm glow.
>The shape pushed you right up to the dock at the front before the hands disappeared back under the water for a moment, moving towards the metal stairs on the dock.
>Your rescuer finally revealed himself as he climbed the dock's stairs towards you.
>It was an alligator, a *really fucking big* alligator.
>The reptile approaching you was easily over seven feet tall and was built like a tank.
>He had broad shoulders, thickly muscled arms and pecs that'd put the bustiest of women to shame.
>You followed the water droplets running down his body past his pecs to a large round musclegut, you could tell he didn't miss meals but he certainly didn't miss workouts either.
>Nestled between the two tree trunks he had for legs was a hefty bulge, barely contained by a pair of swimming shorts that looked ready to bust at the seams.
>He walked over to you, the dock shaking and creaking a little under his weight. "You doin ok fella? Ya look a lil' pale" he had a deep, rough voice, like something you'd expect from the villain of an old western film.
>He was looking right at you now with...concern?
>Oh right, he found you unconscious in the middle of a swamp, he probably thinks you're some kind of methhead.
>You explained that you fell asleep while fishing and when you woke up your boat's engine was dead.
>He's silent for a beat before bursting into booming laughter.
>"Helluva place to fall asleep fella! You musta been exhausted!"
>You were sweaty, your back was killing you and you smelt like a corpse so the humor was lost on you at the moment.
>"Aww no need to look so sour~." He looks to your boat "*Agh* I told Oliver that piece o' shit dinghy needed servicin', *dumb otter*."
>He moored the boat to the dock and helped you up. His grip was firm and cool and he held it after you were up to give you a handshake.
>"Name's Elijah, but everyone calls me Eli, I'm the local mechanic" He flashed you a *very* toothy grin "Sorry, I didn't say hi earlier, wasn't sure if you'd freak out."
>You greeted him back, and revealed you were Anon, the project manager for the town's revival.
>"*Anon* huh?" He smirked, "cute name for a cute boy, so you're that big city feller who's gonna get my shop some business?"
>You nodded, wait...did he call you *cute?* You felt a blush creeping up your cheeks
>"You're gonna have to stay the night, I'm right worn out after that bit o' night swimmin' but I'll get you back to town in the morning and give that bimbo Oliver a piece o' my mind."
>You apologized for causing him so much trouble, this really wasn't the best first impression to leave on this town.
>He chuckled again, "Ain't your fault the engine gave up the ghost kid, unless you were kickin' it in your sleep."
>"How bout we get inside, clean ourselves up and I'll cook us up somethin' nice" That did sound pretty amazing, you followed Eli up to his porch.
>You must have looked pretty miserable from how he was staring at you. Your white t-shirt was soaked through with the humidity and your sweat.
>You apologized in case you were grossing him out. 
>He snapped his eyes away from your chest, looking a little embarrassed "It's...uh-the opposite actually"
>...*huh?*
>He sighed in frustration, "Look, I'm too old for this beating around the bush crap. I *like* you anon, and I figured by the way you were starin' at me earlier you *liked* me too."
>He squatted to get to your eye level, "Now if you want I can cook us dinner, make a lil' small talk and pretend this conversation never happened. Or..."
>You were suddenly crowded up against his front door, his massive frame looming over you with an arm at either side, "I can show you some *real southern hospitality*."
>His long tongue ran along his snout, eager for your response. You gingerly reached down and cupped the growing bulge in his wet shorts. You'd *really* like that.
>That was all the confirmation he needed as he surged forward, cupping the back of your head with one hand while the other moved to the small of your back. Your mouths crashed together as the two of you finally broke the tension with a sloppy kiss.
>You let him take you, feeling his tongue explore your mouth while his hands grabbed your ass.
>You suddenly felt your feet leave the ground as he picked you up. You wrapped your arms around his neck lazily.
>He pulled away from your kiss, leaving a string of spit hanging between your mouths. "Let's get cleaned up"
>You were carried all the way into his bathroom upstairs. He was surprisingly dexterous as he helped you peel off your clothes.
>You joined him under the refreshing hot spray of the shower, washing the day's sweat and grime off
>Your makeout session continued, soapy erections frotting together as you traded spit and lathered each other up.
>You could feel his hard cock pulsing as it pressed into yours, he must have been a good 8.5 inches, maybe more, *he was going to destroy you*
>It was like he could read your thoughts, "Don't worry boy, I'll take it *niiice* and easy"
>He put his tongue to work again, making you shudder as he ran it from your collarbone down to your navel.
>He playfully nibbled as he worked his way down, marring your skin with scratches and bite marks.
>Taking your painfully hard cock in his maw, he worked it with his tongue, you had to brace yourself against him, he was *good*
>He deepthroated you with ease, you even had to push him away a couple times to stop yourself from cumming in his mouth.
>He looked pretty proud of himself whenever you did. "Water's getting cold. Let's dry off"
>With his scales he was dry in a few seconds, so he gave you a hand once he was done, lewdly groping you whenever he got the chance.
>"C'mere cutie." He growled as he picked you up and threw you over his shoulder like a ragdoll. You were a big guy yourself and had never really experienced anything like this before, it was pretty hot having someone just totally take charge with you like this.
>He playfully dumped you onto his bed, it was a California king-size but you were still snug in it as he cuddled up beside you.
>After some more making out and heavy petting. He spread his legs gesturing to his girthy cock, now at full mast. "Little help?"
>You nestled yourself between his thighs and started blowing him. You worked your hands and mouth, savouring the taste of his salty pre as your jaw started struggling to accomodate him.
>Whatever you were doing was working, you could hear him softly grunt "fuck" whenever you worked a little deeper.
>He placed his hand on the back of your head, forcing you to the hilt of his cock
>Your eyes watered but you pushed on, taking his entire length, bobbing your head all the way up and down until you were out of breath. You could feel his legs trembling as you worked away.
>Eventually you ran out of breath. Detaching your mouth from his cock with a wet pop, strings of drool and cum hung between your lips and his glans.
>Eli had his arms behind his head, you could see him grinning lustfully as the both of you recovered "Never had someone take the whole, thing. You're somethin' else boy"
>You smirked, burying your face in his balls, huffing the masculine scent and worshipping them.
>"Okay, my turn to make you feel good." He leaned over, grabbing a bottle of lube.
>He held out his arms, pulling you up to straddle him into a reverse cowboy. It was nice being able to knead his pecs with your hands and feel his solid body underneath you. He pulled you into another sloppy makeout session while he lubed up his fingers.
>You felt him gently probing your hole, eventually working one meaty digit into you, then two, then three. 
>He slowly pushed to the knuckles, kissing and praising you as you were stretched out by him. "You're such a good boy, nothin' like a talented, pretty mouth and a tight hole"
>You could only gasp and moan in response, his fingers were so large it felt like he was fucking you already. He was hitting you nice and deep, you couldn't wait for him to fuck you.
>"Tell me what you want darlin'" he growled.
>You couldn't take it anymore, you started panting out exactly what you wanted between labored breaths, how you just wanted him pin you to the bed and breed you all night long.
>"Heh, let's get started then." He lifted you with ease once again, gently switching you around so you were on your back with your legs up.
>He rimmed you deep, lapping at your hole with his dexterous tongue before re-lubing you and slicking his own cock up.
>He lined his girthy member up and slowly began to press in. He had done a good job of getting you ready as you felt an immense pressure, but no pain.
>You breathed deep to help your body relax, he whispered sweet nothings about how beautiful you looked and how he was gonna make you feel good.
>You moaned like a bitch in heat as he finally hilted you for the first time, hitting you square in the G-spot.
>The process continued a few times. He would pull back a little more each time, then return to being completely inside you with a little more force each time.
>Every single time he would make your eyes roll and your dick twitch, unknowingly torturing you with the slow, rolling waves of pleasure.
>As he pushed in once more you shuddered and begged him to fuck you harder.
>He grunted, quickly picking up the pace as he started pumping you properly.
>You moaned and occasionally stuttered out a ragged yes as he made you his bitch.
>The fucking continued until he slowed down a little, he hiked your legs further back until you were in a full mating press. "I'm gonna breed you good now anon, get ready"
>You wanted it so bad. You locked your legs around his back and he immediately picked up the pace again.
>He was really starting to give it to you now, neither of you could form the words to talk dirty anymore, he could only pant and growl as he slammed his hips into you, and you could only whine and moan as you started to short circuit from the sheer pleasure.
>"G-getting close anon, I'm gonna fuckin' cum"
>You tightened your leg lock and pulled him into a kiss. You were close too, the friction of his body pressing down on your cock was driving you crazy.
>He pulled his mouth back to bellow as you brought him over the edge. He slammed into you hard with a few ragged thrusts filling you with his cum, you saw stars as you came hands free all over yourself.
>The two of you stayed like that for a while, panting and kissing, he shakily pushed himself up off of you, his cock pulling free too.
>He looked down at your sweaty cum stained body and grinned. "Looks like I made quite a mess, I think we're gonna need another shower"
>You agreed, but told him you hadn't quite gotten the feeling in your legs back yet. He chuckled at that before scooping you up into a princess carry "No worries boy, I'll take good care of ya."
>He ran a bath this time, you sat nestled in front of him in the warm soapy water. You were laying back on his tummy and pecs which were like the world's sexiest pillows. "I had a lot of fun anon" he paused, sounding a little unsure "After we get some shuteye, you uh...wanna have breakfast together? I make a mean fry-up"
>You told him you wouldn't miss it for the world.