Original Post: [>>48909298](https://warosu.org/vt/thread/S48836080#p48909298)
***
Alban said he'd be joining you for dinner but it's almost finished and he's not shown himself. Searching through the house you hear him before you find him, sprawled out on the couch, snoring contently. One of his hands has pushed his shirt up his tummy a little, showing off his cute belly button and with how far apart his legs are, his shorts display far too much thigh. You've got a meal that'll be ready in 20minutes, you shouldn't be letting yourself be tempted by the one presenting itself to you right here. Though, a little bit of an appetiser never hurt anyone. Slowly bending down you tilt his chin upwards slightly, the movement disrupts his snores but doesn't disrupt his sleep as you lean in to press a tender kiss to his lips. You've never discussed doing anything like this with him before but you're sure he won't mind. He's your sweet little brother after all and you're just helping him wake up. The added taboo of the fact he has no idea of what you're about to do spurs you on as your hands roam under his shirt and start to play with his nipples. Still there's no sign of him waking up, but his back arches into the touches and his lips fall open again, this time to gasp rather than snore.
It's amazing just how much you can play with them without him stirring, even as his gasps turn into moans his eyes still stay firmly shut. It's not surprise that when you move a hand down to his cock that he's already hard. He must think this is a wet dream, it better be you he's imagining touching him. Determined to make sure it is you on his mind, you move onwards, knowing that if it isn't your name that leaves his lips when he cums that you'll have to punish him for being unfaithful again. Such is life with a little brother that's as much of a slut as he is, you can try and train him all you want but he's like an animal in heat, chasing anything that moves to get satisfaction the moment you take your eye off him. One of these days you're going to have to ensure that he truly never does leave your line of sight.
Pushing his shorts and underwear off his hips, you take a moment to admire how cute his erection is, before taking his tiny cock in your hand. At first you watch his face as you start to work his length, enjoying how it screws up cutely and his breathing stutters as you begin to stimulate him. Still he doesn't wake though. As you close your lips around the head of his cock and take him inside, it twitches eagerly and you can't help but smile to yourself as you swallow him down with ease. He's the perfect size for it, small enough that it's no effort at all to take in his full length but just big enough that you can feel every little reaction. No time is wasted as you start to suck him off properly, determined to hear your name moaned out in a sleepy slur. One of your hands falls back behind his balls, putting pressure on his taint and gently stimulating it as you continue to suck his cock. It doesn't take too long until he's starting to moan shamelessly and you're on edge hoping to hear your own name from his unfaithful lips. You give your all to getting it out of him, knowing that you're only seconds away from him finishing in your mouth.
And then finally he does, it's almost indecipherable amongst his moans but as his cock pulses and his body freezes for a moment, you hear it and relief washes over you as the first shot of his cum enters your mouth. You accept it but don't swallow. Continuing to suck him gently through the rest of his orgasm, you keep collecting his release inside your mouth. Satisfied that he's been sucked dry, you look up at him, happy to see his still sleeping face. You're gentle when you cradle his chin in one hand and bend down to his mouth, pressing your lips against his and working them open so you can kiss his own cum back to it's owner. Blinking slowly as you pull back, he first narrows his eyes at you, before opening his mouth to show you what you gave him and making a show of swallowing it all down. Of course he clicked onto that as soon as he woke up. What a little whore.
It's not until you're both half way through dinner that he brings up your method of waking him up, though the words that leave his lips aren't quite what you expected.
>You know I was awake basically from the moment you started blowing me, right?
Cheeky little slut. You'll have to punish him for pretending to still be asleep later, and find another way of making sure that you're truly the first person on his mind.