The collab between Ame and Gura has been going for a couple of hours now, Gura got dragged into playing Apex but she doesn't seem to mind it as long as Ame is having fun. She is not. Amelia constantly rages after failing to get champion and goes into the bathroom for a few minutes before returning sweaty and with her face flushed red. "Hey, you ok in there?" Gura asks in a quiet tone, "O-oh y-yeah... don't worry....come on let's start the next match quick!" says Ame obviously trying to hide something. Gura just sighs trying to pretend everything is fine.

In actuality Ame had an ulterior motive for this sudden collab, an "innocent" prank to be precise. Every time she would go into the bathroom, she'd lift her skirt and start jerking off her penis until she was at the point of climaxing and then go back to Gura like if nothing happened. This constant edging kept continuing for most of the collab, waiting for when the time was right. It wasn't easy though, being so close to gura would make the detective's little prank to be almost torture. ("Gura's smell, Gura's tiny legs not being able to reach the floor, Gura's sweat dripping off her face, Gura's groans, Gura's c-c-c-cu-,AHHHHHHHHHH") screamed Ame in desperation to the shock of the unaware of shark.

"Uhhhh I think it's time for a short break, I wanted to refill this drink anyway haha..." says Gura trying to cover for Amelia who at this moment seemed to start losing it. "Oh! ohhhh yes let me do it for you!!" said Amelia while taking the protein shake from Gura's hand. "HEY! I can do it myself Watson!" yelled Gura. It was already too late, Ame ran as quick as she could, she couldn't contain it anymore, it was all for this moment. 

Amelia ran as fast she could to the kitchen, looking at her back to ensure Gura didn't follow her. After reaching her destination she pulls up her cock, it was completely hard and throbbing like it was about to explode. Amelia doesn't waste any more time and starts to jerk off like if her life depended on it, Gura could show up and she wouldn't even care, in fact the mere thought of being found out send her mind into overdrive. "Ah! ah! ah! I hope you like this Gura, you better chug it all d-dow-.... Dammit! here it comes! AHHH!" Amelia screamed while pointing up her sweaty cock to the almost empty cup. It wouldn't take long for the cup to be completely full, shot after shot came out like a fountain, even Amelia was surprised to the sheer amount and yet she couldn't stop. 

"Phew! I r-really didn't expect the cup to be filled, it also came out too thick what the hell!" said Ame while submerging her cock into the cup, getting sure every drop would be in. Amelia then proceeded to hide her cock, still sensitive from the act, fixed her clothes, took a deep breath and then went back to the room. It'd be all for nothing if Gura realized what truly happened,  so she tried to act as calmed as she could, hoping the little shark wouldn't notice the weird smell. 

"Hi, I came back! hope you didn't miss me guraaaa" said Ame in awfully fake happy tone, her acting skills still need some improving. "About freaking time, I thought you died or something Watson. I even heard you scream. What the hell was that?" said an impatient Gura trying to hide her concern. "Oh it was nothing. Here! I brought you a new shake just like you asked" said Amelia while handing Gura the suspiciously warm drink. "Ok if you say sooo, let's continue where we left off" said Gura while taking the cup into her hand. Gura didn't even bother to check the drink, she just chugged it all in one go. Amelia was shocked at the sight, the little girl was gulping louder and louder as the thick contents in her cup went down her throat, she started to choke as the cum was just too thick to swallow. Gura would peek at her partner who was trying as hard she could to hide the tent that was forming in her skirt, Amelia couldn't stop her grin as Gura struggled to drink everything, she could feel herself getting ready to blow just looking at the cute shark girl.

It took her a couple of minutes but Gura finally finished her cup, she kept on panting while trying to hide her tired expression, like if she didn't want to admit defeat to a mere protein shake. Amelia at the brink of cumming again asked nervously "Soooo from 1 to 10, tell what did you think about my special shake. Very refreshing right? h-haha". Gura stands up from her chair and looks at the detective right in her eyes for a few seconds. ("Ahhh she is so close, she is so cute, just a few centimeters more and I...just a few more and I will-") thought Amelia trying to contain herself. Before she could came again, Gura broke the silence "Ame.....THAT TASTED SO GOOD! What did you put in there? I need to know", Amelia was in disbelief, did she get found out? Is Gura trying to trick her?. It was at that moment an idea popped up in her head, it was worth a try.

"Ummm it's actually like a secret ingredient you know. I wanted to surprise you a little bit but I totaaaaally can't reveal it! unless..." said Ame trying to bait the shark. "Unless what?! Come on watson you know I won't snitch! I'll do whatever, just say it already!" expressed Gura unaware of the trap she just fell into. "Oh weeeell I can't refuse when you get like this. Just put this on and kneel on the floor, just trust me ok" said Amelia while handing over a blindfold to Gura. "Wait...are you serious watson? it's just a drink you know" Gura said perplexed at what Watson was asking. "I guess we'll just continue the stream then, it just a drink after all" Amelia said with a smug expression in her face. "FINE! I'll put the dumb blindfold but it better be good" says Gura while putting the blindfold on and kneeling on the floor.

Amelia walked towards the blindfolded shark, she couldn't believe what was about to happen, her dick in anticipation was as hard as it could get. Her dick wasn't that big, about 7 inches but right next to Gura's face it looked gigantic. "Hey what is that rancid smell?" asked gura in disgust. "Don't worry about it, more importantly, I want you to guess what the ingredient is. I'll put it in your mouth and if you guess correctly you win. Simple enough, right?" explained Ame with a giant smile across her face, she didn't care anymore what would happen as long as she could blow herself up in that shark's mouth. "Hahaha this will be so easy, come on do your worst Watson" says Gura while opening her mouth as much as she could, her tiny tongue and sharp teeth at full display.

"OOOOHH LET'S GOO GURA!" says Amelia while pushing her whole dick into the shark's mouth. Ame put both of her hands in Gura's head and pushed deep into Gura's throat.  The sudden motion followed by the awful stench of Ame's dick made Gura choke and spit on the detective's cock. ("WHAT THE FUCK DID SHE PUT IN MY MOUTH? It's so salty a-and ewwwwww it smells awful!") thought Gura being unable to speak. Gura then put both of her hands in Amelia's thighs and pushed her off with all her strength. It'd be futile however but the detective enjoyed the struggle and decided to pull out her cock from Gura's mouth. Amelia's dick was fully covered in saliva and precum as it throbbed uncontrollably in front of her victim. 

"Ok Gura time is up, Now guess the ingredient!" says Amelia while giggling in a smug tone. "*pwwah cough cough* Stop messing with me, like I could guess what it was! That was awful what the fuck Watson?!" says Gura while recoiling from the experience. "bzzzzt wrong! As I thought we'll need to use your lower mouth. Be sure to think properly this time" says Ame as she pushes Gura into the floor. Gura going commando under her shark hoodie just made it easier for the detective to spread Gura's legs and press her cock in the entrance of her shark cunny, it surprised her to see she was wet and ready. "OIII WATSON Stop already this isn't funn---" the shark got interrupted as Amelia pushed her whole cock into the depths of her cunny. It was very tight but it could fit the entirety of Ame's cock.

"WAHHHH WHAT ARE YOU DOING YOU DUMB STINKY DETECTIVE?!" screamed Gura in vain as Amelia was too busy shaking her hips like a dog in heat. She positioned herself in a way her whole weight will push down when she pushes her cock in and out. The mating press continued for a few minutes until Gura's insults turned into a mix of moans and whatever sounds come out of her. "Hey Gura, you still awake? heeeeey can you heaaaaar me? Have you guessed the ingredient already?" says Ame still trying to mock her friend while slowly grinding her cock against the womb of the poor shark. It was then Gura finally came to her senses, and mustered all her strength to yell "Ahhh ahh Y-ye-yeah! Yes! Y-y-y-y-you are putting a Banana inside me, aren't you?! Cut it out already you idiot". The detective couldn't process what she just heard, she knows Gura isn't the brightest but at the same time her having a dick is also a bit too crazy for the shark to believe. 

Amelia sighs for a second, "Haha...you are right! I guess...." says Ame in a disappointed tone. "I knew it! haha I k-knew  it! Ok you can stop now Watson" said Gura, although her words would ring hollow as Amelia continued thrusting faster and faster. "Sorry Gura, let me come first. I'm very close so get ready!" says Amelia in between moans and thrusts. "Come? ehhh Watson, what are you talking abou-?!" Gura got interrupted as Amelia started kissing her, with her lips locked and her hips constantly slapping against each other, the detective approached climax. Her dick got harder as her balls were getting ready to empty themselves in the small shark. "Ughhh I can't hold it a-anymore, I come I come I come GURAAAAAAAAAAAAAA" says Ame while pressing her cock as deep as it could go. Gura's whole insides would be painted white as liter after liter of cum would shoot up from Ame's penis straight into the shark womb. Gura couldn't help but climax at the same time, her whole body shaking while Ame held her as if she didn't want to let her go free.

A few minutes passed as the two girls were still locked into each other, Amelia slowly got up pulled her cock out, a bunch of thick cum would came out rushing out. "Woah what a mess, hopefully today is safe, right Gura? ehhh Gura?! says Amelia as she notices Gura passed out. "Heh I wonder if she'll ever figure out the secret ingredient, I'll just tell her tomorrow she passed out of boredom while playing Apex. It wouldn't be the first time" says Amelia while looking around her feeling she is forgetting something. "Oh.............. uhhh so did you guys enjoyed that haha...." says Amelia while looking at her PC screen. The stream still going as a thousand of UOOOOOOOH comments pass in chat. All the people watching the stream probably guessed by now what the special shake was.