/bara/ and /hmoma/
Title: The morning shift 
Tags: shower, human, anthro dragon, musk, rimming, bullying, face-fucking, mating press, small dom big sub, group sex, steam room

Keith looked around the building. Standing at seven feet tall, it was easy for the anthro dragon to see just about everything in the current area. He glanced over the lifting equipment, the dumbbells, and the cardio machines. There wasn't a whole lot for him to do in the mornings, but he did find it peaceful for some odd reason. Morning shifts were nice like that. Every now and then he would occasionally act as a personal trainer. He was well defined everywhere you looked. From the veins running down his arms, to the bulge that he put no effort into hiding, he was huge in every sense of the word. Being one of the few anthros there, he stood out quite often, but took pride in his work. It was easy for him to keep up appearances, but deep down, the tall, muscular dragon had a thing for humans.

He yawned and stretched to his full height. He flapped his wings a few times to get out some aches while he rotated his shoulder. The awfully bright lights bounced off his red scales and gave the room a warm red color. Normally he covered up to avoid freaking people out, but this morning he thought he was alone. Figuring he would have enough time to get some light exercise in, he was only wearing a t-shirt, and some thin workout shorts that left nothing to the imagination. If you were standing behind him, you'd be able to see the pair of white horns that sat on his head, but you'd also see his fat, but muscular ass being held up by his black jockstrap and the spines that ran down his medium sized tail. 

Keith started a light workout. He did a few sets with free weights, then ran a few miles. By the time he was done, his shorts were drenched in sweat, making them completely see through. He grinned, glad that he was able to cut his time down a few minutes, and made his way to the locker room. 

He figured he would sit in the steam room for a few minutes, take a quick shower, and get back to his morning tasks. He grabbed a nearby towel, and walked towards his locker. He took off the damp shorts, and spent a couple minutes struggling to get his t-shirt past the horns on his head. He looked down and smirked while groping himself. 

He flexed a little, enjoying how good he felt post-workout. He was feeling unstoppable, and even bounced on his feet  before taking off his sweaty jockstrap and putting it with the rest of his clothes. He adjusted himself, cupping his large balls and floppy, uncut dick. He lightly pinched the tip of his skin, and let out a satisfied grunt. 

Keith thought he was alone, so he decided to give in to his post workout arousal. He turned his attention toward his pecs, giving them a light squeeze before pinching his sensitive nipples. He let his hands trail down to his abs, then reached around and gave his ass a squeeze. 

Keith rolled his shoulders, yawned, and arched his back slightly while walking past the showers and towards the steam room. It smelled kind of nice and he didn't know why. The closer he got to the steam room, the stronger it got. Whatever it was it was familiar, but confusing at the same time. He paused, taking the time to try and figure out it was. He started panting, his thoughts started racing as he barely registered the blood flowing to his dick. He swung open the door and froze in his tracks.

There were three men sitting inside. The dragon barely recognized them as regulars while he tried to force himself to say something. 

Bryan, Paul and Frank turned their attention towards the seven foot tall dragon that walked in the steam room. Paul snickered, and gestured to Frank and spoke up, "See, I told you he'd show up." Frank shrugged in response while Bryan stood up, more horny than curious. All three of them were in pretty good shape, and had been training for some time. They sat there confidently while Keith's brain tried to process what was happening. 

Keith regained his focus for a few seconds only to hear Frank saying "I call dibs" while walking towards him. Paul and Bryan followed right behind him, grinning up at the dragon before surrounding him. They wasted no time. Bryan started fondling Keith's ass while Paul focused on his pecs. They all stood there for a while, teasing the horny dragon while the steam continued to pour in the room. 

Keith's head was spinning. The musk in the room was too overpowering, and given how pent up he was, there was no way he was turning down an opportunity like this. He grinned, took a step forward, then got on his knees in front of Frank. He got a good look at him now that he was closer. Average looks, his skin was a bit red from sitting in the steam room, but none of that mattered when he rested his dick on Keith's snout. Paul and Bryan copied Frank, as all three of them took turns while they slowly lowered what was left of the Dragon's restraint. 

The dragon's tongue lolled out while his mouth opened. He even leaned forward slightly, completely submitting to the three humans standing in front of him. "Puh...." "Please" he whimpered, trying to sound less desperate than he already was. 

Bryan took a step forward, and laid his half-flaccid, five inch dick on Keith's face again, then spoke up, "I didn't quite hear you, what was that?", he teased, suddenly becoming aware of subby this massive dragon actually was.

Keith opened his mouth to reply, and felt Bryan grabbing his horns and sliding his dick in his throat. He savored the taste for a few moments, before letting it slide in deeper. He even made a show of gently closing his mouth and letting his tongue slide out. He looked up at Bryan, took his dick out of his mouth, and let his tongue slowly coil around it before letting him thrust back in. The ripped dragon didn't even know he was leaking precum, he was too focused on worshipping the dick in front of him while Frank and Paul talked about who was going to go next. 

Keith stopped for a second, caught his breath, then got on his hands and knees. Wordlessly, he started fucking himself with his tail while the other two watched, amazed at how slutty he was acting. Frank calmly spoke up while gesturing to the dragon, "Dude, I fucking told you. Look at him!"  

Paul walked around Keith and watched for a while, before walking behind him and slapping his muscular ass, making Keith speed up and arch his back. He started moaning when he felt both of Paul's hands groping his firm ass and give it a few more slaps. Keith almost buckled at the sensation, shuddering a little while he pulled his tail out of his own tailhole. Paul was loving this more and more every second, and spoke up, "Arch your back a little bit more for me, yeah, just like that."

Keith did as he was told, and almost roared when he felt Paul spread his asscheeks with both hands and start rimming him. He felt Paul start kissing his eager tailhole and got lost in the sensations. Arching his back whenever he felt Paul slide his tongue in. He felt Paul tease and kiss his tailhole for a few more minutes while Bryan pulled his dick out of his throat. He didn't realize what was happening until he felt Frank's slightly longer dick slam into his throat. He slobbered on it eagerly and stopped when he felt Paul stop rimming him, and started rubbing his fat dick against his tailhole. He let out a long, slow moan when he felt Paul press the tip in, and pushed back against him until he was balls deep. 

"Fuck, he's so damn eager"

That compliment brought the dragon dangerously close to orgasm. He spent the last ten minutes being humiliated by this group of humans. Feeling one of them bump the wall of flesh near his prostate made him tense up and start grunting. His knees began to shake. He did his best to get the fat cock out of his throat to scream, but couldn't. He felt Paul pull out half way, then slam in again. What little bit of composure he had left Keith's mind while he started pushing back against him, forcing Paul to start fucking him harder while his dick started throbbing. The dragon tried his best to stop it, but it was too late. Massive ropes of semen sprayed out of Keith, coating a good portion of the floor while Paul and  Frank continued having their way with him.

Paul paused for a moment and spoke up, "Damn he's pent up" before continuing where he left off. He slowed down a little while Keith involuntarily clamped down on him, making it easy to slide in, but hard to pull back out. All that cardio training pulled off, but after some time, Paul found himself slamming in harder and pulling out slower. He grit his teeth and sped up, slamming as hard as he could before he felt Keith's tail wrap around his waist, holding him there and forcing him to blow his load. He was no match for Keith's tail while he twitched and struggled for another minute, before finally being allowed to pull out. 

Satisfied at those results, Keith focused his efforts on pleasing Frank. He adjusted his stance and arched his head back slightly, so Frank had a better angle. He felt the grip on his horns weaken while Frank gave his final thrusts before slamming into the back of his throat, grunting while he shot his load. Keith swallowed his load slowly, enjoying the taste as it slid over his tongue and into his stomach. He made sure he was finished, then sucked on it a little longer to make sure it was clean before letting it slide out of his throat with a loud, wet pop.

Exhausted and spent, the dragon collapsed on the floor in his own jizz, then rolled on his back. He stared up at the ceiling, then looked back to see Frank was standing above him, still hard. Realizing what was about to happen, Keith's dick started getting hard again while he felt Frank lightly push his legs back so he was on his back, ass pointing towards the ceiling.

"My turn" Frank said, while lining his dick up with the dragon's used tailhole.

Keith's mind went blank when he felt Frank ram his dick in. The slaps got louder as he picked up his pace. Sometimes, he would feel him go balls deep and stop just to tease him, before speeding back up. Keith laid there and kept getting pounded. He was getting fucked so hard he didn't even realize Paul had walked out of the steam room to go shower. 

The dragon started leaving claw marks in floor below him. With every minute that passed by, he felt himself getting more and more desperate to stop being humiliated like this. On a very deep thrust, he arched his back and forced Frank in deeper. That was all it took for him to cum a second time. It splattered all over his chest and a few ropes even got in his mouth. Seeing Keith enjoying himself so much forced Frank to cum as well, giving the horny dragon a few extra deep pumps just to watch him twitch. 

Before they left, Bryan waved his hand over the dragon's eyes a few times and snapped his fingers, trying to get him to focus. Keith bolted up, still dazed from being forced to cum so hard, and weakly said "I didn't know humans were so good at sex..." before shifting his weight, and standing back up.

Frank and Paul looked at each other, grinned, and started walking out. Paul held open the door and looked back at the buff dragon before speaking, "Well, you know where to find us if you ever need a good dicking again." then left. 

The dragon stood there, blushing madly. He looked at the floor, wiped some cum off his chest, then showered. By the time he got there, the three humans that fucked him stupid had already got dressed and left. Feeling a little more excitement coming on, he was suddenly very glad that nobody else was here for his morning shift. He took a slow shower, doing his best to get the dried up cum off his scales and some that managed to get on his horns. 

He got dressed in some "normal" clothes, and he couldn't tell if he was sore from the workout, or getting fucked so hard. He couldn't help but replay the last 20 minutes again over in his head while he got settled in, pretending like it was just another morning shift at his job. He felt just the slightest twinge of guilt when he put in a request for someone to clean the steam room in the men's locker room, and smiled.
