You pant as you struggle to stand up, lying flat on your stomach behind a large boulder, before throwing out your arm and slamming it against the ground, resulting in a soft thud. Even that manages to frustrate you even more -- just a few minutes ago, your ears were ringing with the sound of sharpened bone against tough scales and the irritated roars of an opponent much larger than you, and now you can barely make a dent in the accursed mud that's reduced you to being about as dangerous as a trapped Jagras.

The earthy, strangely warm scent is inescapable. You're covered in the stuff, and your nose is mere inches from a large puddle of it. Once again, you attempt to try and stand up, to grab your nearby weapon and to get back to being a damn hunter and fight and kill and do your job, but the mud that's begun to seep through the cracks in your armor brings you crashing back to reality, snuffing out the flames of your temporary resistance once again. The sheer power of being struck at by the Almudron you were hunting had been enough to not only crack your shoddy armor, but send you flying straight into a pile of mud you'd managed to avoid being caught in when it was lobbed at you earlier. It took everything you had to force yourself out of it and make a tactical retreat, but every step you took was in more and more mud, and grew harder and harder. The Almudron had clearly been busy with setting up its own home in the Shrine Ruins; you could notice how soil in the area had transformed into an unnatural golden muck here and there as you'd made your way to the fight. And as if to add insult to injury, the Almudron hadn't chased you -- instead, it had flicked small (compared to it, at least) dabs of mud as you desperately tried to run, like it was taunting you. 

At least your pride was the only thing wounded, but the mud sticking to your skin was almost unbearably cold. Still, you didn't even have any scratches -- at least, you couldn't feel any pain. Just frustration and cold mud. Once again, for who knows how many times, you try to push yourself off the ground to little to no success. Letting out a weak cry, you weigh your options, before beginning to tear off your vambraces and slide off the fertile goop clinging to you. Your armor's basically worth little more than garbage now -- no smithy could repair it to resemble anything close to it's former "glory". Your life's more important, and getting rid of the heavy chunks of manipulated carapace and strips of hide is your best bet to getting out of here. You can hear the noises of something sliding in and out through the water, and you know it's the Almudron -- searching for you. The sheer amount of mud you've been covered in must have covered up your scent.

With your vambraces now useless on the ground, you're able to move your arms more freely than before, and set to work stripping yourself down. You tear off your hide boots and scrape more mud off of you, before freeing yourself from your now heavy chestpiece. Putting in as much effort as you can, you're finally able to push yourself up. Your body collapses against the boulder as you pant, trying to regain your footing, but at least you're standing. Now wearing little more than some torn up hide that looks more like a pair of shorts than they do pants, but standing. This is what you get for going out hunting solo, you suppose -- maybe if you'd brought your buddies with you, instead of figuring you were tough enough to go at it without some support; give them a break and all, you wouldn't be stuck like this. Heat briefly rushes up to your cheeks as you realise how pathetic you must look, and returning back to the Village like this is something you can hardly stand to think about. Your eyes quickly scan as you figure out you're not only pathetic, but defenseless, too, and spot your weapon a few feet away. It's embedded in another pile of mud, sticking out like a sword caught in stone.

After taking another set of breathless pants, you hobble over to your weapon -- compared to your armor, it's in much better shape. Probably because you've been skimping out on armor upgrades to focus on improving the damn thing. Best defense is a good offense, or whatever crap you'd believed up 'till now. Still, the amount of resources and zenny poured into it leaves you hesitant to leave it behind, and without it you have literally no means of defending yourself. Even your wirebugs are gone, lost somewhere in the fight.

Steeling yourself and gritting your teeth, you grab the weapon's hilt and attempt to tear it out of the ground, but it won't budge. This fucking mud clings to everything like some hellish natural glue. You're cold, borderline naked, tired, and just want to go home. You can't help but let out another frustrated cry, cursing anything you can as you try to tear out your weapon. You pull just a little too hard and lose your balance, falling flat on your ass which a much louder thud than before, the hilt of your weapon now in your hands.

You look back at the mud, and see that the actual weapon part of your weapon's still embedded, broken off. All you've got now is basically a fucking stick in your hands.

Motherfucker.

Your ass hurts from the impact, and you try to stand up once again, but before you could even hope to do anything else, the sound of something kicking through the mud and water grows louder with every passing millisecond, and fertile mud is lobbed at you again, practically immobilizing you as it clings to your feet. You look up and see the Almudron lying on its back, now lazily kicking its way towards you -- a far cry from how you're sure it was rushing as soon as it realized where you were. Now that you had no hope of running away, it seemed to regard you as little more than something to play with and tease. Looking up at it, you could swear you saw a taunting grin plastered on its face as you stared into its eyes glowing with intelligence. The Almudron closes in on you, and you force yourself to keep your eyes open -- your body's screaming at you to run, beg, cry -- anything to prevent the fact you're probably going to die, but you're a stubborn little shit, and that stubbornness is what got you into this situation, and it's going to be how you're going to go out.

You're ripped away from your thoughts as the Almudron's paw shoots out, clasping its talons around your mud-soaked form. You instinctively try to squirm and struggle, but just like always, any attempts you make to escape your current reality are useless. The Almudron holds you up to its face, looking you over as you simply stare back into its golden eyes. Once again, you're torn away as the Almudron lightly tosses you up, and you land firmly onto its soft, creamy-red underbelly. The Almudron immediately dunks more mud onto you from its tail and uses its paws to press it down onto you, effectively trapping you in a mud bed of sorts. The position the two of you are in reminds you of the otters you'd seen out and sea every time you'd made the trip; mothers keeping their young close by laying them to rest on their bellies as they drift and kick away on the water. The Almudron does the same, now rushing away so fast you can hardly keep up with how the Ruins around you melt away into a blur.

Before you know it, the setting sun's gone from your sight as the rocky formations of a cave give away, and the Almudron slows down to the lazy, casual pace as it usually does. It's sure got a personality, you think to yourself. Still, you can't help but wonder what exactly the monster's goal is here -- is it going to store you for food later? Is it going to melt you down with that golden ooze and slurp up whatever's left of you? Is it going to --

-- For the third time today, your thoughts are once again interrupted by the leviathan as it suddenly grabs you, tearing you away from its body. You instinctively shiver as you realize how cold you are -- being so close to it had at least slightly warmed you up, but now you were exposed to the cold air of the cave and the biting chill of the mud you're more than a little sick of at this point. The Almudron, still on its back, holds you up to its face again as it examines you once more. It's far more thorough this time, as it begins to turn you over and around, scanning your body in full. You barely have any strength left, and your body is almost limp as you finally give in.

Soon, though, you're shocked to attention as you feel one of the monster's claws catch onto your torn pants. You think it must have gotten its claw caught as it manhandled you, but as you feel the material slowly slide down your hip, you realize its actions are far too deliberate to be a simple accident. The Almudron's stripping of you is almost sensual in how careful and gentle it is, and soon you're naked as the day you were born. Your ruined pants drop onto the wet floor of the cave with a plop that echoes throughout, drawing attention to the fact that a monster just stripped you naked.

Wasting no time, you can feel your confusion mix together with arousal as the Almudron runs its claws over you again -- they're sharp enough to easily puncture your skin and tear you apart if it felt like it, but they don't even scratch you. Seemingly satisfied, the Almudron brings you back to its soft scaled belly, before raising its tail again. Rather than simply splatter you with more mud, though, it deposits a dollop onto its other paw, before bringing it towards you. You look up at it, and notice how it stares back at you with focus in its eyes. You still think it seems to be grinning at you, but you can't tell if that's just the fact you're exhausted tricking you. 

The Almudron brings its mud-covered paw down on you, and begins to gently rub it into your naked body, the mud presenting a layer of protection as its motions grow a slight bit rougher and prevent your skin from taking any damage. As it rubs the mud onto your skin, it brings its other paw in as it works it around in gentle, circular manoeuvres. The friction begins to warm the mud up as your chill quickly dissipates. You can't help but realize that the mud feels good as it's pressed into your skin, as well as the feeling of the monsters claws and the pads of its paws caressing your skin. You let out an involuntary moan, which is only then that you realize your dick is standing up to attention, harder than you think its ever been before.

You feel a low rumbling from the Almudron you're pressed again, like something halfway between a chuckle and a roar. The Almudron brings a paw downwards towards your crotch and drops a small dollop of mud onto it, before beginning to press against it and rub circles once more, like a sloppy attempt at a handjob. You can't help but buck into the feeling as you let out another moan, the cold mud against your dick quickly warming up and feeling more than a little pleasurable. The Almudron's other paw gently grabs your legs and pulls them upwards, exposing your ass. More mud is then gently slapped against you as it practically smacks your ass, starting to rub mud against your cheeks as it plays with your dick. You don't even bother to question the absurdity of the situation -- who cares if this giant monster is jerking you off with mud, of all things? It feels too good to care.

As your dick is worked over and your moans grow in volume, the Almudron begins to press a muddy claw into the crevices of your cheeks, before pressing it against your hole. Once more, gentle circular motions are utilized as it lovingly yet firmly begins to press against your hole. The mud makes a fantastic lubricant, and soon you feel the monster's claw gently press through your entrance. The Almudron begins to pump it in and out as if it's fucking you, cautious to make sure it doesn't hurt you. This combined with the playing of your dick is quickly bringing you to the brink, and as the Almudron brushes against your sweet spot and manages to rub against your cockhead at the same time, you shudder as you shoot out a few strands of thick white cum, which almost seems to glow against the comparatively dark mud.

You let out an airy breath as you come off the high of your orgasm, and feel the same chuckle-roar from before. The Almudron picks you up again, claws dripping with mud mixed with your cum, before gently rolling over on its side into the water running through the cave. It gently pushes you down into the cold water, but after only a second of shivering, it brings you close to its warm body. Methodically, it begins to use you almost like a sponge as it brushes you against its scales, using its other paws to scrape mud off its body. It simultaneously cleans both you and yourself, and you offer no resistance -- even though the mud felt more than a little good while it was being used to jerk you off, you didn't want to risk the stuff hardening on you. 

After a short while of being used as a sponge, and attempting to make the job easier by pulling clumps of mud out of your hair, the Almudron gently brings you back down into the water with both paws. It pulls your ass open, and begins to gently prod another claw up it again, making sure that you're mud-free outside and inside. You can't help but moan as your cock grows hard almost immediately as your ass is given more attention. A solid week of being too exhausted from hunting to jack off seems to have done wonders for your libido.

Seemingly satisfied that you're clean, the Almudron turns onto its back, brings you back up onto its stomach once more, gently deposits you belly down. Your cock presses flat against the soft scales, and you instinctively slide it up and down and press against them, begging for more attention. The Almudron curls both sides of its body towards its center as its paws gently hold you down, and you feel something warm and wet press against your cock. You shudder as you realize it's the tip of the Almudron's tongue as it begins to trail it up and down your cock. Starting from the head, down your shaft, up your balls to the end of your taint and back down again, coating your privates in sticky, hot saliva. You more deliberately begin to rub yourself against the monster's scales in a desperate attempt to reach orgasm again, and the Almudron grows more adventurous, now extending it's tongue's trip over your body to past your tain and over the crack of your ass, teasing your hole. Its licks grow in speed and intensity along with your desperate thrusting, before it stops at your entrance and pushes as much of its tongue as it can up your ass.

The fleshy muscle begins to pump in and out your ass far more effectively than the claw from before, and the thick wet saliva almost makes you laugh when you compare its lubricating properties to the mud from before -- just like the mud, though, you're practically coated in the stuff, and you cry out as the Almudron's tongue explores your insides. It raises a paw and begins to press your dick down against its belly, rubbing you once more. You're so taken up in lust and a desire to release that you don't even register the fat, reptilian cock until it brushes against your face.

The Almudron's fat pink cock smells strangely spicy, and the monster seems so absorbed in pleasuring you you can't help but think that it hadn't realized its own growing problem. Without hesitation, you decide to repay the favour and begin to lap at the tip of the monster's cock. The Almudron is quick to notice you, and it -- no, he, clearly -- grows more enthusiastic with tonguefucking your ass as a glop of what you can only assume to be pre drips down onto your face. You clearly lap it up, and while the taste is foreign, it's addicting. You pant and mentally beg for more as you push your hands forward, freeing them from the paw holding them down. 

You wrap your arms around the cock almost as big as you and pull your body a few inches towards it, and start planting kisses over the monster's tool. They're sloppy and motivated by pure lust, but the Almudron clearly enjoys it as he pulls his tongue out from your hole and begins to lovingly lather your lower body with saliva. Determined to not be outdone, you put your all into licking the massive cock before you and rubbing as much of your body as you can against it, painting it with your sweat as you simultaneously kiss and jerk him off.

Loud, wet, and embarrassingly obviously sexual noises fill the formerly quiet cave as you and the Almudron pleasure each other. However, no matter how much effort you put in, you had no chance of winning this competition -- once the Almudron slides his tongue back into your ass and seems to have figured out how to repeatedly brush against your sweet spot, it's over for you as more ropes of sticky cum splatter out onto the monster's scales, mixing with the puddle of viscous saliva that covers you from the waist down and you cry out, before pushing your head up over the monster's tip and beginning to suckle it. This proves to be the breaking point for the Almudron himself, as without warning hot cum begins to flood your mouth and you instinctively swallow. There's far too much cum for you to ever hope to be able to swallow it all, though, and you're forced to break away as your tired body collapses against the Almudron's body. His cock continues to shoot rope after rope of sticky cum against his body, though, and you're caught in the crossfire as his cum paints you white. You're start to lose track of how many times you've been covered in foreign fluids and substances today.

You can feel the Almudron panting as his orgasm comes to an end, and his paw moves up to your cum-covered body and begins to gently caress you as you both come off your orgasm-induced highs. After what feels like far too short a time of basking in the afterglow, the Almudron returns to laying on his side before dipping you into the water once more, washing the mixture of saliva and your collective loads into the water off both your bodies. Once done, he lets out a loud, rumbling yawn, and you can't help but let out your own far less impressive one.

The Almudron once more brings you back to his belly, and curls his long body around you, pressing your body between two sets of scaly warmth -- it's incredibly comfortable, and the exhaustion of the day's events -- not to mention being brought to cum twice -- quickly take their toll on you. The Almudron brings his face up to yours and gives you an obviously affectionate lick, and you weakly make an attempt to return the gesture by licking his tongue when it brushes against your cheek, before the monster's head presses against you, nudging under your head. You instinctively raise it, and the Almudron slides his head under it, providing the side of his face as a makeshift pillow to you. He begins to gently rumble with snores, as you fade away into the warm, comfortable oblivion of sleep.

Hell knows what waits you in the morning, but for now, the two of you are comfortable, warm, and cozy.
