Moona rubbed her throbbing cock on Pekora's back, thick precum coating her shoulderblades and the nape of her neck. "Please...Pekora...let me fuck your ass! I need it so bad!" Pekora shivered, feeling the huge throbbing girth -almost a meter long- lying on her. She could probably take it fine, but it might just break her... "W-wait Moona, you know I didn't prepare for anal!" "I don't care! I need it!" Pekora's puckered sphincter twitched. "Moona, poop comes from there, you know!" "Yeah, yeah," She said dismissively, "but that doesn't matter to my cock!" "Um...how about this... next time I come to visit I'll let you fuck me in the ass!" "Pekora I NEE-" "IF! If you want to fuck my shithole then you have to love shit too!" "W-what?!" This time Moona was the one who was taken aback. "If you want to fuck my ass the you have to become the type of Moona who can say 'I love shit! Shit is my friend!' ok? Understand?" Moona was silent for a moment. "That's...disgusting Pekora." Moona said quietly, but, the jet of precum and shaking of her cock made her protest into a lie. Pekora's member, not as massive as Moona's but still sizable, began to harden, ripping the thigh-high it was stuffed into. "Maybe... but if you do that then I'll let you have my ass."

Months later, after Pekora had returned to Japan, she got a package from Moona. A huge, refrigerated box and a DVD. On top of the package was written 'THAW' and the DVD was labeled 'Watch First'. Pekora popped it into the player. Moona stood back to the camera fully nude, her huge balls, marbari-covered pussy, and even more huge ass on display. Pekora's jaw dropped, and Moona began to speak. "Hi, Pekora! Peeeeace!" Moona raised her hand to her face, making the v sign, "When are you coming back to play? I miss you soooo much! When you last left you told me to become a Moona that love shit if I want to fuck your supple ass, right? Well I took all these months diligently learning the ways of shit! Every time I took a crap I've thought of you!" Pekora gulped, her cock hardening, slapping her flat chest. She was glad she was naked if this was what she thought it was. "Now look!" Moona pushed a bovine-like fart rocking her ass, then and gaped open, revealing a fore-arm thick crowning turd. "I've been practicing, and my ass has been destroyed by gigantic corkscrew shits, hhhhhhnnnghhHHHHHHNNNGGGG!" Moona let out another tearing fart and pushed, straining, birthing a leg-sized shit on to the floor! "FUCK! Look at that, Pekora! My intestines are crammed full of the shit I've been saving, and now it's going to peek out and say hi!" Another grunt and push, and the turd lengthened, one unbroken piece of waste slithering on the floor like a serpent. Pekora grabbed a condom and slid it on, her balls already churning and cock shaking, she hadn't even touched herself. "No fair, Moona, I want to be there playing with your lovely filth..." "Now, then there's four hours on this battery and I'm going to shit through every one of them!" Pekora squatted, ready to push her own filth out, both hands strangling her cock as she watched the screen, enraptured. "And when I'm done I'll wrap the turd up and send it to you in a refrigerated package so you have something to play with until you can come and see me!" Pekora looked at the enormous cooler thawing. "You mean that thing is her..?" She swallowed hard in excitement and squirted precum into the condom, her pucker winking in excitement. Behind her, on the TV, Moona grunted and farted, shitting and jerking her cock. Pekora turned up the volume and moaned, jerking along with her and flexing her asshole, mouth watering with anticipation. Once she was done here she had to get to Moona's, even if it meant swimming to Indonesia herself. She'd never been so horny in her life.

Pekora grabbed a belt and tightened it around her cock and condom, making sure it didn't fall off, the walked over to the once-refrigerated package, now thawed. Inside was the huge spiral of Moona's waste. She opened the cling-wrap that sealed it and inhaled a deep breath. The earthy stench hit her nose like a brick and she came, her condom ballooning and her pussy squirting on the floor Eyes rolling back in her head and her mouth fell open, tongue lulling out like a panting dog. Her balls and shaft seemed to contract and she came, shooting the sticky ropes to the smell alone. Grunting and moaning Pekora gripped the cooler as hard as she could, and allowed herself to fall face first into the massive turd. Her vision went brown and her mouth and nose were filled with excrement as her orgasm intensified. She lost control of her bowels along with her bladder, and baseball-sized rabbit pellets began to fall on the floor, the condom at it's limit bursting. Cumming, shitting, and pissing she lay with her head in the cooler as the first wave finally mellowed. When she was able to think again, Pekora grabbed a chunk of the shit and began to smear it all over her chest, chanting under her breath "Shitty titties, shitty bunny titties, such a filthy girl, dirty bunny girl..." Something her mother used to sing to her when they did scat-play in Pekora's childhood. The memories made her even more horny, made her want Moona's shit even more. Pekora picked a length of the turd up and wrapped it around her cock. "Moona! I'm fucking your shit! I'm going to impregnate your crap, Moona!" She proclaimed using the filth like an onahole. Her hips wildly bucked until her cock spasmed out another load of thick jizz. Pekora spent hours in ecstasy, eventually fucking and cumming until she could no longer move. She felt as if her body was spent. Cuddling up to the still-substantial turd, Pekora went to sleep, the DVD long finished playing.

The next morning Pekora ate a big breakfast with lots of milk and fiber, put a plug in her ass, then packed and took a plane to Indonesia, texting Moona so she didn't catch her off guard. Pekora never did like flying but loved the crowded airport bathrooms and the cramped airplane toilets. She especially loved walking into one unflushed. Hamburgers may be Pekora's food, but the waste of strangers was her most favorite snack. During the flight, and after a few cups of coffee, Pekora's stomach was churning and rumbling. She needed to go so bad it was giving her horrible cramps. Her pussy was so wet it was almost dripping, and her cock was straining against the plastic cage between her legs. She absolutely loved needing to shit! She was going to have such a surprise for Moona when she landed. Much of what Pekora had for breakfast was the waste Moona had sent, Pekora had buttered it like a crumpet and eaten the excreta with eggs and bacon. The memory of it made Pekora's heart flutter. As good as that was Moona was going to make so much more.

When the plane bumped on to the runway Pekora almost pissed herself. Finally in Indonesia she more horny than ever. She looked out through the crowd and spotted Moona and waved. Moona slily smiled when she approached. "Looks like you had a bumpy flight." "God yes, I need to go..." Moona nodded, and took her into the bathroom. Inside, Pekora flipped up her skirt, revealing her cage. Moona raised an eyebrow and smiled then stripped and knelt in front of Pekora, mouth open. "I...I can't aim in this thing..." Moona grabbed Pekora's ass and pulled her close, taking the entire cage inside her mouth. Pekora moaned at the heat engulfing her member and began to piss from both her cock and her pussy, filling Moona's throat and covering her huge tits with hot urine. Moona, for her part, began to stroke her own massive cock, slicking the member with piss and giving herself a titfick. When Peko was done, Moona stood. She was a mess, and she loved it. "I'm so glad you're here, Pekora, this weekend is going to be so much fun!" Moona giggled and put her clothes back on, still soaked in piss. Her cock wouldn't go down, so she just buttoned under her shirt, the phimosis-foreskined head making a bulge between her tits.

With how full and cramping Pekora was the ride home would have been hell for anyone else, but Pekora was in heaven. Her bowels ached, her stomach was cramping, pain was shooting through her body, her face was flushed, and she was covered in sweat. Moona looked at her sidelong, and licked her lips. "You're in so much pain." Pekora nodded, blushing. Had she not been plugged she would have uncontrollably shit hours ago. "You're so hot when you're suffering, you know that?" Moona had intentionally taken long, winding, bumpy backroads just to prolong this. Pekora wouldn't have had it any other way. Each shock and bump sent a wave of nausea and dizziness through her head and pleasure up her plugged ass. Instead of using Moona's inner-city apartment they had rented a cabin in the mountains and the terrain was much rougher. "Moona..." Started Pekora, "I have to pee again." Moona gestured at the seats and floorboard, covered in plastic-leather covers. Trembling, Pekora let go, leaning back in her seat, pissing all over herself and all in the floor. Moona reached over to her and pinched a hardened nipple through the fabric of her top. Pekora moaned and unbuttoned her top, the shirt falling away from her almost-flat chest. Her exposed skin was clammy and beaded with sweat and Moona could see she was panting heavily. Her stomach, now on display, was harshly distended. Moona, ever the sadist, smiled and smacked it. Pekora cut off a small scream. "Moona, please...it's a gift for you..." Peko gasped, "you are a 'Shit is my friend Moona', aren't you?" Moona's cock throbbed, had it been not for the sounding rod stuck deep into her urethra she'd be leaking precum. "I'll show you my love for shit... I'd do anything to fuck your tight shithole, Pekora!"

The rest of the ride to the cabin was similarly eventful, playing with each other and pissing on themselves. When they arrived Moona helped Pekora out of the car, into the stairs and onto the kitchen table. "Moona, I think it's time for your gift!" Pekora said, blushing excitedly. Peko laid down on the table, legs in the birthing position. Moona sat down, directly in front of her, hands on the plug that was stuffed up Pekora's filled ass. Moonas gigantic cock throbbed under her shirt. She'd already removed the beaded sounding rod and her urethra was gaping open, leaking precum. Pekora was fully erect too, the tip of her cock peeking through her phimosis foreskin. The smell of smegma made of cum, piss, and shit wafted into her nostrils and she shot a jet of precum onto her face in response to the horrific odor. "Pull it out, Moona!" She cried hurriedly. Moona did just that. Not a light and easy tug, but ripped it out of her ass in one smooth motion. The rabbit-girl's pressurized diarrhea shot from her ass like a burst pipe, directly into Moona's face. Moona ripped her shirt open to get her cock out of the way, and grabbed Pekora's hips, pressing her lips to the others asshole, drinking in the sickening sludge like it was divine ambrosia. Moaning, Pekora came hard, her cock wildly bouncing up and down. Virile cum spouted from her slender member coating her body, and face, and even splattering on the ceiling and table behind her. Nothing could compare to having her ass eaten while shitting! Panting for air, Moona sperated from Pekora's still flexing asshole. Her face was covered in the fermented excreta, her mouth still full. She reached over and grabbed Pekora by the hair, then shoved her into a rough kiss, swapping diarrhea and cum between their lust-locked lips.

They could have stayed like that forever had Pekora's stomach not growled. They parted and looked at each other. Their faces were covered in cum, shit, and drool, hair matted and mussed. Both thought the other looked absolutely radiant. Another growl, and Moona went back to her position behind the smaller girl. Pekora let loose a fragrant fart, then grunted as the feces deep in her colon clogged, stomach still somewhat distended. "Oh, does the filthy little bunny girl need some help?" Pekora whined, pushing, and nodded. "Moona, please..." She begged "it won't come!" "Poor baby, let's help you." With practiced precision Moona slid her hand deep into Pekora's constipated bowels until she found the rock-like blockage, Pekora moaning all the while. Moona grabbed the turd, sinking her long nails into it, then slowly worked it out until it and her hand popped out of the twitching sphincter. The loaf was as big as a softball and had the texture of burnt toast. However Moona had no time to savor it now as a billowing fart blasted out of Pekora's gape, followed by the dozens of dark brown balls that were Peko's feces. All of those were sloppy and wet, no bigger than dango. Much like the food Moona took a handful and shoved them into her mouth. 'Oh my God!' Moona thought to herself, chewing 'What did she eat, it tastes like the raw sewage I played in when I was a kid!' While those memories made Moona horny the flavor made her stomach churn, and she took Pekora's head in her hands again, leaning on for a kiss just as she began vomiting. Pekora was, of course, surprised by the stomach spew, but accepted it eagerly, her lips encasing Moona's mouth like a first responder giving CPR. The smooth effluvium flowed directly into her stomach, she didn't even need to swallow. It was like eating a creamy stew. As Moona finished heaving she pulled away, leaving just enough to vomit on Pekora's stained shirt. Peko looked from the mess back to her friend and gave her a small peck on the forehead. Moona blushed red, and let go of Pekora's head. "Cute dumb bunny." She stammered, flustered. Pekora just laughed. "I don't think there's any more in me, by the way." Moona took a few steps back to admire Pekora. It was a beautiful sign to behold. She had sat up, so she was eagle-spread, her pussy, ass, and cock were on display. Covered in a layer of shit, piss, vomit, and cum, matted hair, with her ass gaping. "Take a picture, Moona!" Moona licked the shit off her hands then grabbed her phone, snapping a few pictures of Pekora smiling in their filth. She sent it to their other partner with the caption "This is only Pekor's! Some of my puke too! I bet you wish you were here!" A reply came back, a closeup of a spread gaping cunt. "You gonna fuck her ass finally?" Moona nodded to herself. "By the end of the week she'll be ruined by my cock!"
