#The Idolification of Ouro Kronii
‘’And I mean, that’s the story when I wanted to eat a croissant and I ended up with a dozen because I couldn’t say no’’ Kronii laughs, the white glow of the monitor in the dark making her pale skin pop up.

Anon loves her for that, she’s just like him.

  For him, Kronii is grounded and chill. He loves her pale skin, her fucked up diet and her messy room in the back of the stream (where you could spot the used tissues in the trash bin …TSKR!). 

Kronii gets him. She streams in her baggy shirts, trying to conceal her melons, and with heavy glasses that do a poor job at concealing her eyebags. 
She’s a pure angel (one born from anxiety and loneliness), but she’s Anon’s Angel.
He writes a message in chat, before she can jump into another tangent. He knows she will read it, since he doesn’t have any emoji or weird signature. Kronii’s eyes scan the chat and she makes a small ‘’o’’ with her lips.

‘’ooh! True true. Anon brings a good point’’ Anon’s chest swells with pride and love ‘’I was gonna tell you guys about the good news’’
Kronii lifts her hands, and anon pretends he cant see her raise them in a way that doesn’t bring attention to her hits.
‘’Well, some of you guys know this if you were in Kiara’s stream… but I’m moving!’’ She gives a nervous giggle as the chat zooms, filled with emojis and messages
‘’yeah, Kiara leaked it early hahaha, but I’m moving to Japan with Councilyrs!’’ Kronii lowers her hands and gives a cute smile, a tired one that both means ‘’oh I’m so happy’’ and ‘’oh fuck this is going to be hell’’. 

The chat is unusable, so Anon sends a superchat
‘’Thank you! And yes, I’m living there from now on, I’ve already packed most of my stuff’’ Ah, that explained the lacks of meds in her shelf behind the metal can. ‘’So, I’m taking a break for like a month or so? I don’t have the full details yet but I’m gonna explore Japan with the girls’’

While the pain of a break stings in Anon’s heart, he smiles. Kronii is happy. 
‘’Also, I might change the stream times? I usually stream at night here, but there I will have to be thoughtful of the others… and besides Bae already told me she won’t let me miss breakfast…augh’’
The stream continues, and Anon smiles. A bit of fresh Air never killed anyone, so he’s happy for Kronii

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The long Month is over. Anon tunes in for the stream, stifling a yawn. Kronii is usually a nocturnal animal so being up at like 9am is truly strange for her. Still, it’s her return stream! He can’t be picky with this temporal arrangement

The loading screen fades away and Kronii appears on screen. Of course, the backdrop is different. It’s a new room with a different bed and a big window, where some heavy curtains are lazily pulled back, letting the sunlight illuminate the room. The usually muted colors are now pulling themselves up quite a bit.

Still, Its Kronii’s room. He sees the garbage bin with used tissues, he sees the plain bed sheets and unpacked boxes, and he sees Kronii’s meds resting behind the same metal can, now positioned in a shelf across the room.


The biggest change is in Kronii. 


Her cheeks are a bit fuller and her eyebags are gone, giving her cute face a slightly more feminine look, despite her usual shy expression and baggy shirt.
He notices her nails, usually showings signs of biting, decently trimmed, but still natural. Kronii gives a shy smile and greets the chat
‘’Kronichiwaaa… you guys doin fine? So glad to be here! Thank you, for the supas, I’ll read them later!’’ Anon blinks

Is he imagining things? Has Kronii changed? Before his mind can go deeper, Kronii talks once more
‘’Soo, living here is a torture’’ she snorts ‘’I mean…Bae wasn’t lying! I haven’t missed a single breakfast this entire month!’’ Anon feels the usual warmth spread through him, as Kronii mentions the hardships of living with extroverts and how they were babying her because ‘’she kept trying to stay past 3am’’
Yeah no, he just Missed Kronii


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


‘’And so… here’s Boros’’ Kronii shows the plushie in front of the camera, the small white…worm? Sperm? Whatever he is giving chat a stupid fucking look.
Anon hated management, they were clearly pushing Kronii for this dumb shit instead of letting her alone.
‘’I dunno guys he’s kind of cute in a weird way’’ Kronii mentions, and Anon can’t help but frown a bit.

It was the third week of Kronii living in the ‘’council house’’ and it was crystal clear that it had been some management stupid shit to promote unity.
For starters, Kronii’s room was fully unpacked and refurbished with the help of Irys, who had chosen some disgusting red and blues for everything. It popped too much, and it made Kronii’s usual sanctuary look like a weird college girl room.

It didn’t help that not only had Kronii changed her stream hours for good (changing from comfy night to those horrendous 9am hours that let anon having to catch VODS sometimes)  but ALSO that she now had to constantly collab with Council, severely changing up her content.

Instead of relaxed games, she was playing (and pretending to enjoy) shitty FOMO games with Mumei. 

Instead of Comfy zatsus full of stories, she was constantly talking to Baelz about some dumb anime and going on tangents to humor the small girl.

Kino watchalongs? Scratch that, it was now stupid white girl movies with Irys, where he had to sit and listen to his oshi fake the tears over some melodramatic movie.

Oh, but the straw that broke the camel’s back was just announced today
‘’So, reminder guys that tomorrow’s collab is In Fauna’s channel. ‘’ she laughed nervously, probably fed up with this bullshit ‘’She’s going to put some make up in me for the batsu game’’
Anon closed the tab, furious. 

Hang in there Kronii, management will learn once the numbers speak

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Anon blinked awake. For some reason his phone had pinged him in the middle of the night. He lazily reached for it and unlocked the screen.
The notification button on his YouTube page was red. He pressed it and it opened a small window
*‘’Members Only Guerrilla Zatsu: Lets chat about CouncilyrsHouse’’*
Oh. This was it.
THIS. WAS. IT.

He jolted wide awake as the new dogshit sappy song management had saddled her with played. He ran to the fridge to get some beet and sat on the desk, turning his laptop on just in time.

 The loading screen finally faded, and there was Kronii.


No bullshit makeup that Fauna forced on her ever since that Yuri bait stream where the girls took turns putting products on her face

No shitty background noise of them doing something that would distract Kronii from chat.

No disgusting novelty drink the girls forced her to try.

Kronii, his angel covered with a blanket, was there.

‘’Hey guys’’ she whispered ‘’It’s been a while since we streamed at this hour, hasn’t it?’’ Anon felt himself nod.
Everything was well in the world.

‘’Honestly this month was wild. I don’t think I’ve missed a breakfast in forever’’ she snorted a bit, then continued ‘’But I don’t hate that’’
A superchat appeared, and Anon cursed that guy as Kronii red the message 
‘’How I’m feeling? Weird definitely’’ Kronii laughed and Anon smiled.
‘’Oh wait let me put some light in here’’ His smile fell, as she turned on a small lamp.

What was she doing?

‘’Actually, I’m craving something sweet, give me a sec’’ she stood up and Anon noticed the fluffy slippers

Pink fluffy Slippers

Was he dreaming?

Kronii passed next to her trash bin, full of papers, wrappings and a few empty beauty products.
She reached for the metal can and moved it. Where her meds were supposed to be, there was now a small frame with a picture.

‘’There they are’’ Kronii half whispered as she pulled some milk candy from the can, getting back to her seat. ‘’I love this brand ever since we visited with Mumei’’

Anon felt his throat dry, as one message popped in the chat. A member’s chat, from a person with a flowery name filled with emojis.
Kronii’s eyes glued themselves to it, as she red it out loud
‘’How’s living with four cute girls’’ 

He expected her to sputter and deny, playing up the bit
He expected her to ‘’miss’’ the joke and continue
He expected her to not fall for this blatant Yuri bait
Instead, Kronii blushed. Anon felt a pit in his stomach

‘’that’s…huuuh. A hard question to answer’’
No, this wasn’t real
‘’Like, seriously? I used to FEEL alone all the time’’
His eyes scanned furiously the room. In the shelfs there were now merch and plushies
‘’But now? It’s like a dream’’
No used tissues in the bin, a glove way to small for her hands peeking from the cupboard in the back
‘’If I ever feel even the tiniest bit of sadness…’’
Why was a brown sweater on top of her bed?! She never wore brown?!
‘’…I know I can just talk to the girls…’’
There was a pair of slippers she had seen on Fauna’s twitter account
‘’and they will hear me! Wanna know a secret chat?’’
Anon’s vision was getting blurry, as Kronii closed in to the camera, he could see her tits peeking. The angle giving him a perfect view
‘’We sometimes sleep together, it’s like every day is a pajama party!’’

SLAM
Anon’s hand was trembling, his now closed laptop silent

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*COUNCILIRYS COLLAB: Yabairys Batsu.*

Anon blinked, wondering why a stream from an account he blocked and unsubscribed from had appeared on his recommendations. There, a thumbnail crudely made of the girls from that company he used to follow a year ago, stared at him back.

Oh yeah that’s right, his old account got banned. This one didn’t have his ban list of all the holomembers.
As he prepared himself to block the account, he felt a tingle. A depraved need

‘’Don’t do it’’ he told himself. ‘’You know its gonna destroy you’’
His finger hovered the miniature
‘’it’s not the same person’’ his mind told him. ‘’Its not even her channel’’
He clicked. The video loaded and for a split second, he realized his mistake.
But then the video feed appeared.


In there, Bae and Fauna were touching something in front of the camera as the sound came and went, in the back, Mumei was walking in and out of the frame, apparently setting some stuff. 
They all wore their concert outfits but his eyes instead glued themselves to the couch in the back, where Irys was lazing in the lap of a tall girl whose face he couldn’t see thanks to Fauna. What he could see, was that the extremely short miniskirt left her pale long legs shine, and that she had a massive rack, the boob window letting very little to the imagination of those melons

‘’They got a new member’’ Anon thought, and as the girl shuffled around, he caught a peek below that skirt. His pants suddenly growing very tight, as he confirmed that she wasn’t wearing spats

As he was about to close the tab and search for a video to relief himself, Irys said something to the girl and lifted herself up.
Bae twirled in front of the camera, obscuring some of it, but Anon’s eyes were already wide open.

They were making out. Irys and that girl were making out in the back.


‘’Cover must be really desperate’’ he mumbled to himself, as both girls separated themselves. Anon felt annoyance, knowing that today’s session was going to include a lookalike of this semen demon.

‘’Ah! No Fair! I want one too!’’ Mumei, who had been moving some stuff, made her way to the back, and embraced the girl

Anon’s jaw fell open, as the girls tangled each other in a make out scene, them being slightly off-frame, the feminine and dominant hands fondling Mumei’s backside as chat exploded in donations and messages
His left hand traveled south, giving himself a squeeze on his aching member. Maybe he could hang around for a bit, specially if they kept passing this thick whore like a crackpipe

‘’Do you guys hear me?’’ Baelz voice came out of the speakers, the sound apparently working normally
‘’Try the other cable’’ The sultry and soft voice had to belong to the girl, because none of the members on screen sounded this sexy. ‘’I’m going to get a drink’’
He didn’t miss how Fauna conveniently disappeared from the frame too, evidently going to get a piece of that ass. He heard a soft slap and a few giggles off camera, using that and the girls on screen as fuel to pump himself up. 

If the whore had a cute face he might subscribe and beat his dick like it owed him money.


The girls returned, with Fauna taking Bae’s place in front of the camera and setting it up. She moved the lens and he caught a flash of blue, lifting the small girl from her feet and molesting her ass.
His sack was boiling, he couldn’t even think in getting a tissue as he dropped his pants. This new girl was going to make him empty himself right now.

‘’Okay everyone! Get in frame!’’ Yes, get in frame please. It was about time he got himself a new Oshi, and if she was this slutty normally, he might even buy her merch.
He felt himself tingling, as he gritted his teeth, trying to hold it in.
‘’One second! I’m just putting lipstick!’’ a huge drop escaped him to provide lubrication, picturing those sexy lips that apparently had all of these lesbians hungry for a piece
‘’You are plenty cute without it!’’ Fauna yelled, as the others scrambled into a pose
‘’Makeup is important Fauna!’’ God that voice was sending him to heaven
‘’C’mon! Chat is impatient!’’ Said Irys, half smiling half yelling.
‘’Chat, chat, chat…you are being naughty…’’ Anon moaned, feeling himself slowly losing the battle.
Finally, she strutted in, back to the camera, shaking those obscene hips, with her thick legs and meaty ass.


Anon moaned and grunted as he splattered all over the floor, gasping and shaking as he fired rope after rope of his seed. His vision was blurry from pleasure and he could barely hear the girls. God damn what a woman. Even as he gasped for breath and his ears rang, he felt a small tingle on his nethers.
Oh, he wasn’t done, he was far from done.

‘’…So that’s the punishment for the girl who overslept after fooling around with her Kouhais’’ his ears refocused on the stream, apparently someone was getting punished.
‘’Okay okay! Sorry they are so cute!’’ Oh, it was the new girl. He blinked and focused his view on the stream


And Kronii looked at him


Anon’s eyes were wide open.

No this wasn’t Kronii. Kronii wasn’t a slut who fooled around with girls
‘’Ouro Kronii! Its time for punishment!’’ the girls cheered, as ‘’Kronii’’ stepped up from her seat.

This couldn’t be Kronii. Kronii had massive tits she hated. This girl walked like she loved to see head turns
‘’Kronichiwaaa’’ the faker spoke, with that hot and sultry voice
Kronii didn’t speak like an airhead bimbo wanting to be fucked, she spoke in a deep and thoughtful voice


She strutted once more to the center of the screen, heels clicking as she swayed her hips from side to side. Anon averted his eyes to the floor, where his own mess made him retch
‘’oh god…I… to Kroni….no’’’ he forced himself to look into the screen again, tears building up


‘’Kronii, your punishment is simple’’ Fauna spoke to this whore like it was her friend ‘’You need to get on your knees and shake the imaginary salt!’’
The other girls laughed and cheered, Kronii fluttering her eyelashes as she dropped on her knees

‘’Sorry chat!’’ Fauna added laughing ‘’Today she’s getting on her knees for me’’
Kronii didn’t groan, she didn’t say anything. She just kneeled and blew a kiss, like a good prostitute waiting for their client


Anon whimpered, tears rolling down his face. One of his hands grabbing the edge of the desk as the other traveled south once more.
‘’aaaand GO!’’ the girls screamed. Kronii grabbed the ‘’invisible’’ saltshakers and started shaking. The obscene gesture getting jeers and whistles from her gemmates.

Anon cried, his hand a blur as he saw Kronii.
For a second, across the screen, they locked eyes.
And Kronii closed her eyes and stuck her tongue out, as she shook her arms as dirty as she coudl

‘’HEY THAT’S TOO MUCH! IM GONNA GET DEMONETIZED’’ screamed Irys, as the rest laughed and clapped

Anon erupted, blasting the screen as he sobbed, somehow producing even more than the first time. His legs gave out and he fell to his knees in the puddle of his own creation. His blurry eyesight barely catching a blue haired girl who was now shaking her hips.
He gasped, as the thirds wave of release dropped mere centimeters away from him, his hands shaking. There, in the screen, behind the layers of spunk obscuring the view, Kronii looked at him

And smiled. 
She smiled as he bawled his eyes out.