Aumellia never gave Divinations class much thought.

As far as she was concerned, even assuming there was a kernel of truth to this superstitious nonsense, a strong person didn't need to read their future, they made their own. For the Slytherin, Divinations class was little more than an hour and a half of extra study time used to catch up on other subjects interspersed with occasional interludes of Professor Onai berating her daughter Natty for openly bragging to other students about her status as an Animagus, even if it had become something of an open secret rather than one actually worth guarding over the last few months.

As such, Divinations class was usually spent with Aumellia's nose in a book relating to a completely different subject or organizing her notes. But today was different.

The snake, out of pure chance, noticed someone's eyes upon her. On the other side of the half-moon table was a boy. A Hufflepuff, judging by the trim of his robes. Though calling him a "boy" was a misnomer. Were it not for his flat chest and the fact he wore the trousers of the boys' uniform, with his smooth, raven-black hair, extending just past his shoulders, his soft features compounded by large, green almond-shaped eyes and the welcoming curves of his hips that overtook his shoulders, he could easily pass for a girl. A very skittish girl, judging by the way he quickly hid behind his crystal ball and the fumes flowing inside it when his eyes met Aumellia's.

It had been the first time the Slytherin girl ever noticed this boy. Likely Divinations was the only class they shared together. 

It wasn't long until Aumellia was cursing herself internally for having spent Potions class the previous period tinkering with one of her personal concoctions, namely the one that gave her a full set of men's genitals. She had worked most of the kinks out, but the increase in the drinker's libido still needed fine-tuning. Normally the Slytherin was fine at keeping that in check herself, but this skittish, shy little Hufflepuff was triggering some very bestial, almost animalistic spots in Aumellia's brain.

She gritted her teeth as she felt her throbbing cock twitching against her panties, threatening to rip right through them. Despite this, Aumellia still managed to shoot a grin and a wink of an eye in the Hufflepuff's direction, making the blushing boy cower behind his book this time as the Snake struggled but somehow managed to keep her composure during the remainder of the "class".

It had felt like forever, but eventually the class was dismissed, and while everyone rushed down the staircase, eager to get on with their day, the girlish Hufflepuff was stopped in his tracks by Aumellia, a firm hand on his shoulder keeping him steady as the stairway emptied out, until they were the only two around.

"-I saw you staring at me during class...you look like you wanna have some fun..." the Snake whispered as she leaned in closer to the Badger's ear. She could smell the scent of vanilla on him.

"-W-what kind of fun...?" the girlish Hufflepuff asked, biting down hard on his lower lip, before his eyes widen at the sensation of a strong hand hand groping his crotch, his very modest erection barely forming a bulge in his trousers as the hand toyed with every inch of him, and it's not long until he's unable to hold back a soft moan that attracts the attention of the nearby paintings. Once they realized what was going on, most of them quickly walked off-frame, but more than a few of them could still be seen peeking from the edges.

"-THIS kind of fun...~" the Snake simply replied, taking a step forward so that the shorter boy could feel her hard body against his, her own massive cock rubbing against his rear, teasing him.

"-Yes...I do..." the Hufflepuff finally moans out, his breathing haggard.

"-Good boy~ Come with me, then." the Snake says, leading him elsewhere.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"-Hah...hah...harder~" the Hufflepuff pleaded as he found himself bent over the battlements of one of the school towers overlooking the courtyard used for flight classes, his trousers and underwear bundled around his ankles.

"-Horny little Huffleslut, aren't you?" Aumellia teases, her hands firmly gripping the boy's hips as she fucked him from behind, her skirt lifted up to allow her turgid, throbbing slab of girlmeat to continue pumping in and out of the Hufflepuff's abused little pucker, the sounds of flesh smacking against flesh drowned out only by the various goings-on in the courtyard as she gave the boy's fat ass no quarter.

Aumellia could feel his walls, already slick with her pre-cum tight around her fat shaft with each thrust as her hands slide up towards his shirt, ripping it open and sending buttons flying everywhere, exposing his pale, bare chest to the cool, late afternoon air to the boy's shock.

Said shock was quickly subdued when he felt Aumellia's powerful hands glide upwards towards his chest, taking both of his hardened nipples inbetween her index finger and thumb, pulling on the little nubs, sending another jolt of pleasure through his body.

Neither of them bothered to hold back their moans at that point, with the Slytherin rutting the Hufflepuff like an animal in heat, pumping her hips back and forth, back and forth, giving him no quarter, hilting her massive cock inside him time and again.

Whatever classes they had left, they had skipped, as they could see Madam Kogawa's flight class begin and end from their vantage point, with not even the risk of students accidentally flying by and catching their debauchery enough to even make them consider stopping.

Eventually, the Hufflepuff, try as he might, couldn't hold out any further, and a pathetic splurt of cum erupted from the tip of his small cock and onto the stone wall as he climaxed. As he began to lose strength in his legs, Aumellia kept him prompted up, still stretching his once-tight little asshole.

The sun was just about gone from the sky when Aumellia finally felt that familiar tightening of her grapefruit-sized balls, her grip on the Hufflepuff tightening with it as she felt herself approaching an orgasm. "-Oh fuck....I'm cumming....!"

And with those words and a long, loud, shameless moan, the Slytherin orgasmed inside the boy. Ropes of thick, virile seed erupting from the tip of her fat cock, painting the feminine young man's insides white and filling him to such a point that even more of Aumellia's seed began to drool out of his abused asshole and down his legs, even with the Slytherin's cock serving as a cork of sorts.

Taking her sweet time, Aumellia slowly pulled herself out of the Hufflepuff with a loud *POP*, and as her grip on him began to loosen, the Hufflepuff, completely bereft of strength, leaned against the cum-splattered stone wall, trying to get his bearings while acclimating himself to being filled to the brim with Slytherin semen.

The sight of him brought a grin to Aumellia's lips as she began to slowly stroke herself to completion once more, her hand sliding up and down that fat shaft of hers as she bit down on her lower lip, slowly gaining momentum as she masturbated in his face.

The Hufflepuff, realizing what she was doing, smiled up at her and opened his mouth wide, his tongue lolling out as he eagerly awaited his treat.

With another moan, Aumellia climaxed once more, her seed covering the Hufflepuff boy's face and bare chest, and filling up his waiting mouth. Closing his eyes and his mouth, the boy swallows the thick, creamy delight in one go, before smiling as Aumellia runs a hand along his now messy black hair.

"-Good girl...~" The Snake said, not bothering to correct herself as she adjusted her clothing and made herself presentable once again. Once that was done, she took her leave with a simple "-See you later." thrown in the exhaused Hufflepuff's direction, who was left naked, exhaused and covered with cum atop the tower.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Aumellia sighed as she took her seat in the Divinations classroom's half-moon table. It had been days since the last lesson, and while she appreciated the extra time to catch up on her schoolwork, it could get painfully dull sometimes.

She could hear Professor Onai giving Natty another earful just outside the classroom, this time because of something involving gryphons, giving the students a chance to get some last-minute chatter in before class "officially" began.

"-E-excuse me...?" a dainty voice came from behind Aumellia.

Turning to face the owner of said voice, the Snake was confronted with an elegant girl bearing Hufflepuff colours. Pale skin, raven-black hair, and soft, feminine features curled into a shy smile that Aumellia immediately recognized.

The Slytherin smirked a wicked smirk as she felt a familiar pressure building up in-between her legs.