You arrive home from after a long day of work, even though you are tired and want to rest as soon possible you get the feeling something isn't quite right, like if someone was watching you. You try to shake off this feeling and focus on watching some streams. Suddenly your vision starts to get dizzy, you see a figure in the middle of your room, just standing there. You try to reach to it before you collapse to the floor. "Who are you?..." these are the last words you can mutter before fainting.

"Hehe silly, I'm Pomu!"

Some time has passed. You manage to regain consciousness, your head still spinning after whatever happened. It's too dark to see anything, the floor feels strangely like a cold surface made of glass, nothing makes sense. 

"Oh you are finally awake, let me turn the lights for you" a mischievous voice could be heard close by. "Ah I almost forgot, this will be very shocking, so just keep calm and I'll explain everything". The lights were turned on, as your eyes adjusted you thought your vision was failing you but that wasn't the case. You were shrunk down to a mere 5 inches, in a small glass jar no less. The culprit of your current form looked from above with a grin on her face, enjoying every second your shocked reaction. There was no doubt in your mind, the person in front of you was Pomu Rainpuff.

"Awww you look soooo cute in there. My fairy magic is pretty good, don't you think?". Pomu grabbed the jar and brought it closer to her face. "Let's go straight to the point, you probably know why you are here so I better hear an apology quick or things will get very ugly mister". 

Of course you knew what she was referring to, you spent a lot of your free time shitposting about her in many threads. There was no sense of bad ill towards her, you just disliked her fanbase enough to take every chance to get them mad. You tried to explain and apologize, you knew pomu wasn't the kind of person you wanted to be enemies with.

"Dude this is so sad, kinda pathetic even. I thought I could have a little revenge on one of my antis today, but this wasn't worth it like at all" Pomu sighed in disappointment. She dropped the jar containing you nonchalantly in her desk. The uninterested fairy sat on her chair and started to browse in her pc for hours, it was almost like you became another object in her messy desk. 

And so a long time went on until she decided to talk to you again. "Uhhh soooo I'm about to start streaming right now. I thought about something fun we could do though" Pomu's expression changed to a more sinister face. "You just have to be quiet the whole stream and I'll let you go. Sounds simple enough, right?". You reluctantly agreed to the deal, you knew this wasn't going to be so easy but at this point anything was better than remain as little pet for her. 

The stream went like any ordinary vtuber zatsudan, almost boring even. Maybe it was that easy you thought, maybe there wasn't a catch to your deal with the fairy, maybe freedom was at your reach, maybe, just maybe things could have been that easy. **But they weren't going to be so easy**

During the stream pomu grabbed the jar you were in and smiled at you, a chill went down your spine. She lowered the jar to the side of her chair, you could see her giant ass looming in front of you. During normal circumstance this would be an already big ass but at your current size it was like giant mountain staring right at you. At this close proximity you could hear grumbling coming from her body, on top of that the faint scent her chair gave made you aware of what was to come. 

"Ah wait a moment everyone, I need to mute because uuuhh yeah my cat. He is so annoying but I'll make sure he stays quiet now" Pomu muted her mic, she lifted the right side of her ass and with her right arm she aimed the jar directly to her asshole in a way not a single gas would escape. You rushed to the other side the jar trying to escape, it was pointless, the inevitable was here. " *Ahh* h-here it comes" with that single phrase said pomu released a giant blast of farts into the tiny jar,  one after another almost like she was timing each release to prolong the process even further.

The stench was unbearable, any semblance of fresh air was immediately replaced by a thick dense atmosphere of whatever was building up inside of Pomu. The cocky fairy could only laugh at your situation, she close the jar and looked as your squirming inside. With a satisfied look in her face she continued streaming like nothing happened. "Sorry for the quick pause everyone, this cat of mine let me tell you, he just doesn't stay calm!. I'm afraid I'll have to keep muting for the remainder of the stream hehe" she winked at you as she say those words, you're the only one who know their real meaning.

Pomu would occasionally open the jar and aim at her stinky butt not letting a single air escape, this would constantly repeat numerous times in all the hours the stream happened. Sometimes it'd be a small quick and yet deadly fart, other times it'd be a long eruption that shakes the whole jar up. Something Pomu liked to do in between these was to tease you into thinking she would release another one only for her to just put the jar back in the desk, you never knew when the real thing was coming. Not like it mattered, the air in the jar was nothing more than a poisonous cloud, a putrid smell that only got worse and worse with each new emission. You didn't know how longer you'll be able to hold, you'd try to get a bit of fresh air every time she opened the jar by standing near the entrance but Pomu was quick enough for her to release another wet stinky fart when you were trying to gasp for air. 

"*Yawn* Man I'm tired, let's finish the stream here for today, hope you all enjoyed it" These word uttered by Pomu were enough to give you hope, you finally made it. However before you could start to celebrate Pomu grabbed the jar, opened it and put it on the floor. She took off her panties who were nothing more than a sweaty stinky mess of fluids at this point, she then squatted making sure her crotch was directly aimed at you. 

"Awww chat you want me to stay a bit longer how sweet, let me go to the bathroom first. I've been holding on for a while now after all" Pomu said in a cutesy tone. Nonetheless you knew her real intentions. You tried to climb the jar and escape in pure despair, this would prove a futile as some small droplets would fall on your head proving it was too late. A long stream of yellow piss would come crashing down at the bottom of the jar, filling it in an instant, it was like boiled water being poured from above. The steamy liquid didn't stop, soon you'll be buried into the nasty juices that this girl was saving just to torture you.

"*phew* just a little more and we'll be done, if you don't want to drown you better start drinking some of it" . She wasn't joking, this waterfall wasn't showing signs of stopping. You did your best to swallow as quickly as you could, but as expected the urine was just way too hot and salty to properly drink. You wished the fairy had a better diet about now, it was too late to be picky, you only need to survive a few longer after all. You kept on drinking the burning drink surrounding you, the sheer intensity of the smell and flavor almost made you forget how this boiling jar was a few minutes ago a poison chamber, compared to it this was almost like a reward. 

"Ok ok calm down, Sheesh you weren't supposed to enjoy this last bit that much" Pomu said while finishing her business.  Releasing a few more drops in the jar about to spill over. "Alright a promise is a promise, you are free now unless you want to stay there you pervert".

The fairy picked you up and put you on top of her used unwashed panties. You feel like complaining but let's not test our luck now. She chants some her fairy magic and you are able to quickly return to your original size. 

"Yikes You smell fucking terrible, get the fuck out of my house now" Pomu complains. "Also here take this you can keep it, I don't think I'll need it anymore." She hands you over the jar still filled with her piss and kicks you out.

Time to return home I suppose, if somebody asks this pee jar is just **ringo juice**
