Holy shit!!! I can't stop thinking about raping Ina! I can just imagine grabbing her thin, bony wrists and pinning her to the wall! Seeing her defiant and angry face as she asks me what I'm doing! Feeling her trying to pull her arms from my grasp, unable to because of how much stronger I am! Her eyes well with tears realizing how powerless she is! Trying to hold her flailing body still as I pull off her clothes! Hearing her cry for help even though no one is nearby! Restraining her tightly to my torso with one arm and violating her pussy with the other! Now she's sobbing and begging me to stop! She tries to pry my arm off of her! When that doesn't work she tries to hit me! I punish her by squeezing her throat! Her legs flail at inconsistent intervals while her throat makes erotic gagging noises as she struggles to breathe! Watching her cough roughly when I let her go! Giving her little time to recover and pinning her to the ground! Forcefully penetrating her tiny virgin vagina! There's blood from ripping her hymen! She screams in between moans realizing this is the first time she's had sex! Wow! She feels so tight! It's great! I punch her in the face to make sure she knows her place! Putting her in a chokehold when I feel that I'm about to cum! With her last breaths she begs me not to cum inside her! I do it anyway! This is so amazing! I keep choking her until she stops moving! While she's unconcious I take her home! Now I get to rape her everyday! I sure wish I could rape Ina!