When Amelia yanked the clothespin off, pain jolted up her abdomen like a rocket. Her entire body folded in two as her pelvis spasmed backwards in the opposite direction of the pain. Her legs trembled violently then collapsed underneath her. Something felt like it must have been snipped or torn off, surely there was blood all over. But there wasn't any damage to her clit. It was just red as a fireplace poker, quivering obscenely, swollen, burning and protruding from her vulva like a blister.

Ame's post-stream ritual had been escalating for months. There's only so much stress a human can take before something goes haywire. It's standard for any livestreamer to masturbate right after the end of a stream to release all the pent up tension from their performance. For Ame, what started as her usual masturbation escalated to a vibrator, then a dildo, then two dildos at once, one in her mouth and one in her pussy as she self-inserted as the woman having a threesome on her phone's screen. Sometimes Ame would be unable to orgasm for several hours straight, simply passing out from fatigue drenched in gritty, grimy sweat.

She'd wake up the next morning with a dull ache below her stomach, a numb spot on her clit, and shooting pain in her legs. This just made it harder to deal with her stream the next day, leading to a cycle of deleterious sexual frustration. Human bodies simply aren't equipped to livestream for hours on a regular basis. Nor are human bodies equipped to go years without a vigorous fucking. Women's bodies, as much as men's, need to fuck, they absolutely require it, and their bodies will tell them something's wrong when they do not get it.

The only way Ame's been able to orgasm lately is by violently rubbing her pussy as fast as she's physically able. The friction, pain and warmth from this method of masturbation is the only thing that's able to clear her head of the recent stress, insecurities and frustrations. Afterwards, her flesh is raw and red, and weeping an oily fluid, and extraordinarily painful, like someone's hooked up a car battery to her labia. But it's preferable to waking up in the bathtub with a dry, painful dildo still stuck in your pussy after an unsuccessful eight hours of masturbation the night before.

Even this hasn't been enough lately. Ame's been looking for something, anything, to push her over the edge again. She's run out of hairs on her groin to pluck while masturbating, and her entire pubic region is bumpy and swollen from the constant abuse. There's simply nothing more to do there. Although she normally finds the clit too painful to punish, she's desperate for something that will give her the release she needs for a sleep that isn't fitful and unsatisfying.

Ame enters her bathroom and lays down on the tile floor. Experimenting, she first tries pinching her unhooded clit between the pads of her fingers. She feels a severe pain all the way from her clit to deep inside her abdomen, and her pussy starts flushing with fluid. She tries pinching it directly with her fingernails, and the pain is so intense her pelvis and anus spasm uncontrollably for a moment. It's so intense that her hand refuses to maintain the pressure for more than a mere moment.

As if in a dream, eyes burning, trailing a thin stream behind her as she walks, Ame retrieves a clothespin from the drawer in her closet. She lies back down on the floor of her bathroom, and the cool tiles soother her back as her front rages hot with arousal.

With a quivering hand, Ame at first fails to pinch her clit with the clothespin, grabbing her labia instead. When she's stopped testing the waters and finally grabs her clit between the clothespin's wooden teeth, the pain is so intense she blacks out. Hitting her head on the tile floor, she jolts back to consciousness to see her legs twitching like the severed limbs of a frog, involuntarily fighting to escape the pain.

Ame begins to dissociate and panic. Unaware of how brutal a punishment a woman's clit can actually take before lasting damage is inflicted, her mind floods with visions of the hospital or even the surgery room. With a spasming arm she tries to remove the clothespin but merely brushing it with her hand sends her into another wave of torment that makes her entire body flop like a fish.

Clenching her teeth, Ame finally manages to grab the clothespin. Disengaging it from her clit sets her brain on fire, clouding her vision with blotches of white and red. Ame's pussy is drenched, dripping fluid, and her vaginal tract contracts in a deep-body orgasm. Ame grips the bathroom rug in her teeth, clenching so that her ecstatic orgasm won't be heard from the neighboring apartment. Her mind swims as she lies panting, cheek pressed against the cold porcelain of the tub, legs and pussy numb, a salty mixture of sweat and tears leaking into the corner of her mouth and dribbling down the soft inside of her cheek towards her throat.