## Ganja Floater
by HelloAnonMyOldFriend; Sep 30th, 2017
***
NOTES: Female Cacodemon x Male Human. Contains EXPLICIT content. You have been warned.

***

&emsp; &emsp;“Camman’, pass it already.”
&emsp; &emsp;The Cacodemon usually floating at least a few inches above the floor, Amy was now buried in the sofa next to Greg, her hands resting on pillows. She was looking at him with a stoned smile on her one-eyed face. The human put the crudely rolled joint in his mouth one more time and took in the warm smoke, vaguely tasting of herb filling before the mildly unpleasant aftertaste set in. Then, he loosely reached his arm and handed the cigar to his demonic companion.
&emsp; &emsp;“Yea, sorry. Where did you even get this stuff?”
&emsp; &emsp;Amy took a hit, squirming a little with each one. Greg wasn’t concerned about her, she did this when tasting or feeling anything close to intense; usually not in public, but she didn’t seem to mind when only he was around. Her smile turned into a bit dirtier one.
&emsp; &emsp;“I kno’ a few Summoners, they use a stronger variant for their rituals or somethin’. Don’t worry, UAC doesn’t care. At least, not with us. Dunno what they’d think about a human smokin’ doinks.”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg chuckled as he imagined his uptight Archvile boss hearing about this, not sure if he would get fired literally or figuratively first. Calming down, he leaned back into the unusually soft couch.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;They were at Amy’s place, but it didn’t look like a usual Cacodemon apartment, reflecting her humanisation modifications. It was quite small but pretty cosy and currently illuminated only by the dim light of a lamp and the evening sky coming from the open windows on the side. On the glass table in front of them were two large and almost empty, haphazardly placed boxes of pizza, on which the combinations of ingredients were still making Greg’s head spin.
&emsp; &emsp;‘Good thing I love pineapple on a pizza’, he thought.
&emsp; &emsp; A few unopened cans of beer stood out among the crumpled empty ones. A small bottle of rum and a larger one of cola were already lost somewhere on the floor.
&emsp; &emsp;Besides that, there was a big turned off screen on the wall across that was connected to a UAC-standard computer, working also as a tuner. While the (under normal circumstances bubbly and cheerful) Cacodemon liked human rom-coms, Greg found a strange liking in the dark comedies made by demons, usually the ones more conservative about cutesy human ways. They had a bizarre, grotesque style of humour that really clicked with him for some reason.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;After a few moments of silence as the past few puffs started to have an effect on Greg, he looked at Amy, who was now exhaling a big cloud from her fanged mouth. Her wild-styled hair was still in its original shape, contemplating her small horns, but the pitch black metal band t-shirt was now covering her belly only loosely while her voluptuous thighs’ outline was completely uncovered. 
&emsp; &emsp;Overall, she was pretty casual about her appearance when around Greg. He didn’t mind and neither did he try to get too many funny ideas, but he wished to be able to be as nonchalant about walking around only in briefs.
&emsp; &emsp;Another puff later, Amy put one of her legs over the other, showing off the white horns on her knees. Greg found them both menacing and cute.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“So, how did you even got ‘ere?” She asked, her voice getting a bit raspy while the joint in her fingers was getting noticeably smaller.
&emsp; &emsp;“What do you mean?” Greg replied with a question in an equally stoned tone.
&emsp; &emsp;“Like, did you know what would be ‘ere?”
&emsp; &emsp;He looked past her and chuckled, reminiscing back to the surprisingly short interview back on Earth.
&emsp; &emsp;“Nah. I was already an UAC technician and they came up to me and asked me, ‘Do you like meeting new people?’, so I said, ‘Yeah, I don’t mind.’, then they asked, ‘And if they’re different? Like really different?’, at that point I was weirded out but I told them, ‘I’m no good with kids and slow people, if you mean that, but I wouldn’t mind aliens.’”
&emsp; &emsp;Amy started giggling in her place before asking, “Did you seriously, like for real, tell ‘em that you wanted to see aliens?”
&emsp; &emsp;“Probably not like that, but it didn’t matter, they just said, ‘Welcome aboard!’, and I got a one way ticket from Earth and my job here at the first opportunity. Not bad, eh?”
&emsp; &emsp;The tiny giggles turned into cackles before Amy suppressed them with a small pillow while Greg broke down laughing.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“What ‘bout you, Amy?”
&emsp; &emsp;Still smiling, she replied in a bit more serious tone, “Well, it was shit back there. I don’t really wanna get all sad and all that, ‘specially from this,” she pointed at the joint in her hand, “I already tried what this does to me when I’m blue.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, I’m… sorry about that.” Greg blurted out from the embrace of the cushions.
&emsp; &emsp;The Cacodemon snickered and rolled her eye.
&emsp; &emsp;“Don’t be, it’s fine. All o’ us were shitheads there. Want s’more?”
&emsp; &emsp;Both looked at the remaining stump of the burning roll.
&emsp; &emsp;“Nah, it’s yours, I’m already completely dull.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Well, I’m not complaining.”
&emsp; &emsp;After the few last clouds, Amy reached her arm and pressed the now tiny, unstable bits of paper and ashes against the cold ashtray on the table. With a sigh, she threw herself back into the sofa, her crystal blue eye glowing.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“Well, what now?” Greg asked.
&emsp; &emsp;Several seconds of awkward silence ensued before Amy started laughing.
&emsp; &emsp;“What?”
&emsp; &emsp;“I don’t… I don’t even know, y’know.” She managed to say in-between cackles.
&emsp; &emsp;“Come on, are we gonna do this like last time when we laughed for half an hour about a piece of pineapple?”
&emsp; &emsp;“Don’t remind me.” Amy yelled as she started rolling over on the sofa before finally calming down.
&emsp; &emsp;“Fuckin’ hell, why is this so good.” She sighed, lying on her stomach, hugging the cushions.
&emsp; &emsp;“What do you mean?” Greg asked. It took a while for the demon to respond while she was rolling around lazily.
&emsp; &emsp;“Like, all these feelings and stuff. Tasty spicy food, water and drinks, comfy warmth, you know? It’s all so… good,” She groaned at the last word, both sensually and aggressively, “I just don’t know how I could manage without it all this time. For you guys it’s completely normal. Most other demons don’t see it as I do, either. They don’t feel it as I do. A single strawberry doesn’t make them shiver, a bath doesn’t make them melt into a sensitive brittle puddle of… goodness, you know?”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg looked at her, thinking about what she said. She was right, for most humans like him, absence of pain and occasional joys of life were normal. For demons, though? Yeah, this new life must have been something else. For a moment he wished he could experience all these simple pleasures as intensely as she did. He reached his arm and put his hand on hers. She grabbed it and looked at him with a content smile.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“Thanks, man.” Amy murmured.
&emsp; &emsp;“For what?” Greg asked, watching her with a mild smirk. The demon was now curled up next to him as he absent-mindedly rubbed and scratched her head gently; feeling her horns and skin, silky in places, rough in others. He liked the quiet noises she made.
&emsp; &emsp;“For bein’ here with me. It’s nice to have someone cute to laugh with.”
&emsp; &emsp;The human smiled, “Likewise, I… wait, ‘cute’?”
&emsp; &emsp;The Cacodemon replied by quickly licking his fingers of the hand she was holding on to and looking up at him with her glowing eye, “I mean, yea, you are. Oh, and y’taste sweet, too. Problem?”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg felt a wave of hotness flush his cheeks. He looked away for a second before returning the gaze.
&emsp; &emsp;“No, not at all. Just that ‘cute’ is the same word I’d use to describe you.”
&emsp; &emsp;Now it was Amy’s turn to get flustered as she started to giggle. She used all her strength to sit up and looked at Greg with a wide smile on her face.
&emsp; &emsp;“Thanks, you’re so nice.”
&emsp; &emsp;With that, she hugged the mildly confused guy, resting her chin on his shoulder. Greg could feel her internal warmth and rough arms rubbing against his back. Unsurely he wrapped his own arms around the Cacodemon’s upper waist and, still pretty high and drunk, he blurted out, “No, really, you’re cute. You know to enjoy yourself. You make me enjoy myself, if that makes any sense, I mean, it probably doesn’t but…”
&emsp; &emsp;He was interrupted when Amy looked at him and stopped his mumbling, “Not really, but I’m gettin’ you. I’d not enjoy myself as much without someone like you. Someone I can share it with, I guess?”
&emsp; &emsp;“…Ah, yeah, that’s a better way to put it.”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Sometimes, silence is uncomfortable and tense, when you can feel the pressure of dangerous surroundings or unspoken hostility of the people involved. Other times though, silence is peaceful, when people don’t need to speak to understand each other and when you wish the moment of warm, quiet embrace would never end. This time, it was the latter. Maybe it had something to do with the ganja haze; Greg’s mind both lighting up with thoughts and connections while wrapped in the numbing serenity.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;It was getting a bit cold with gusts of draft sucking out the comfortable warmth out of the room. The smell of weed was probably vented out already, so Greg slowly stood up and walked over to the window before closing it.
&emsp; &emsp;“Hey, Greg?” Amy asked from the sofa, softly illuminated by the weak lamp.
&emsp; &emsp;“Yeah?”
&emsp; &emsp;“Y’know… Uh, hol’ up, bear with me… When we talked there about… all o’ this here; all of these nice things, I thought…”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg walked back over to the couch and sat down. Leaning against the side armrest, he looked at Amy who seemed a little hesitant and tense.
&emsp; &emsp;“Is… something wrong?”
&emsp; &emsp;“No, no, no. It’s just that you’re such a good company. Maybe we could, uh,” she let out a fake cough, ”Have s’more fun? No strings attached or anything, y’know what I mean?”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg stared at her blankly for a few seconds, trying to process what she just quite bluntly said to him. She nervously chuckled at his stare.
&emsp; &emsp;“I mean, I get it if you don’t feel like it with me, okay? I just wondered if you’d be up for it.”
&emsp; &emsp;The human woke up from the trance and quickly shook his head.
&emsp; &emsp;“No, wait. I think I know what you’re asking about… but are you really asking about… what I think you’re asking about?”
&emsp; &emsp;“…Yeah.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh.”
&emsp; &emsp;Silence spread again for a moment. 
&emsp; &emsp;“I mean, we can just forget that I asked and ‘bout all o’ this. I’m not gonna jump at ya’.”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg shook his head again and sat up.
&emsp; &emsp;“No, I didn’t mean to… I just didn’t really think about it. Like, do it with you? Totally,” He stuttered a little when saying that, not sure if he said too much, but he continued when he saw Amy covering her sudden smile, “It just didn’t cross my mind much, okay? Don’t take it the wrong way, I just prefer not to fuck up a friendship by hitting on a girl who possibly just wanted to chat and smoke weed with me.”
&emsp; &emsp;He paused for a moment, eyeing her up, “But I mean, why not? Could be fun, right?”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg’s mind was racing with thoughts about the past few minutes and his memories with Amy. He’d definitely call her a good friend, maybe a bit eccentric, when sober at least, but definitely a very pleasant company, more than just someone to get wasted with. What could go wrong?
&emsp; &emsp;“Hey man, no hard feelings. If it’ll go to shit, we’re just gonna be right where we were.” Amy said with a chuckle. She was probably right; there was no reason a casual fuck like should make things any worse. Knowing this, it was easier for Greg to ignore the uncomfortable butterflies in his stomach.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“So uh, where do you want to start? Jump right into it or raise the heat more slowly?” Greg asked softly, his face still only a few inches away from Amy’s.
&emsp; &emsp;“Mm-hmm, just a moment…” A mischievous smile appeared on her face before, out of nowhere, she cleared the distance between her and Greg and immediately merged their lips together, tackling him on the sofa in the process and pinning him down. He let out a surprised, wide-eyed yelp before giving in. The two skipped any sort of slow, tender kissing and jumped straight into passionate making out, their tongues quickly finding each other in a slimy embrace.
&emsp; &emsp;Amy was pleasantly surprised at the strange, mild sweetness of Greg’s mouth coupled with very vague scent of something metallic. Except it was something more for her; it was an explosion of tastes, touches and feelings, making her moan in delight.
&emsp; &emsp;Greg, on the other hand, was amazed at the unusual tingling caused by Amy’s saliva accompanying its almost electrical taste. Was this what plasma tasted like? From this up-close, he could sense the demon’s natural scent, as well; and it was just as interesting and alien as her mouth, smelling vaguely of sweet sulphur. Truly demonic.
&emsp; &emsp;After a while, the pair’s movements started to slow down and before they could completely stop, the two parted their mouths, the tastes and fluids of each other still lingering on their tongues (and, in case of the human, most of his face).
&emsp; &emsp;Panting and catching his breath, Greg heaved from below, “What… was that?”
&emsp; &emsp;“Just wanted to kno’ what you taste like.” Amy replied innocently, pressed on him.
&emsp; &emsp;“Kind of hungry, aren’t you?” Greg replied, grinning.
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, ya’ bet. Just hope we don’t get munchies before we’re done.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Come on, I think there’s still some pizza left. I can definitely think of worse situations to eat it in.”
&emsp; &emsp;“There isn’t anyone better to eat it with tho’.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Huh, really?”
&emsp; &emsp;“Yea’, try asking someone to get a pizza with grapes with ya’ without ‘em gettin’ disturbed.”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg laughed, remembering that one wasn’t actually half-bad. He sure found the combination weird before trying it out, though.
&emsp; &emsp;“I’m kind of stuck down here with you sitting on me, are we really going to talk about pizza the whole night?” He asked with a smirk when both of them calmed down.
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, right.” Amy exclaimed and with one swift (but intricate, to avoid damage from her spikes) movement she took off her t-shirt and threw it away.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;While the piece of black clothing silently fell on the floor somewhere in the dark room, there was only one place Greg’s focus was on: The round, soft belly of burning red colour, sides covered with darker, rougher skin topped with a pair of nicely big, shaped breasts. Coupled with the perfectly thick thighs, there was only one description of Amy he could think of: deliciously voluptuous.
&emsp; &emsp;“Wow…” He whispered, dumbfounded.
&emsp; &emsp;“Prob’ly a bit late to ask, but y’really like it? I know I’m a bit chubby.” Amy asked from above.
&emsp; &emsp;“No, you’re perfect.”
&emsp; &emsp;He looked up and smiled to see the Cacodemon’s face carry a flattered, happy expression. She looked away, covering her mouth as she giggled. Quickly, she recollected and put on a more luscious grin.
&emsp; &emsp;“Well, your turn, boy.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Just to warn you, I’m not as amazing looking as you are.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Yeah, it’d be a problem if you’d look like a demon girl underneath.” Amy reassured him and shifted back to not sit on Greg’s t-shirt, allowing him to take it off. Instead, her shapely bottom was now seated right in the middle of his crotch. Greg suppressed a quiet groan from the sensation and quickly took the shirt off, revealing his smooth, mildly toned human body.
&emsp; &emsp;“Ooh, you’re soft.” Amy chippered.
&emsp; &emsp;“I don’t know, I thought you’re softer than me, like most Cacodemons are, right?”
&emsp; &emsp;“Yeah, but you’re like… both soft and hard in places,” she said while running her palms and fingertips on the modest but firm abdomen, “And smooth everywhere, there are no rough spots. So cuddly, man.”
&emsp; &emsp;Well, out of all compliments Greg remembered, this was the first time he was called ‘cuddly’. He started thinking about it but was interrupted a second later as Amy twitched in place again, rubbing herself against his hidden groin once more. This time, he couldn’t hide a little grunt.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, did I do somethi—… Oh!” Amy asked before realisation struck her, possibly by noticing something pressing on to her from below. She jumped back and looked at where she was sitting just a moment ago. There was silence for a while as both the excited Cacodemon and the anticipating human stared at the sharp hill bulging from Greg’s pants.
&emsp; &emsp;He could feel cold claws on his upper thighs as Amy grabbed both layers his garments before promptly partially taking them off. Now freed, Greg’s member sprung up and stayed standing like a warm, sensitive monolith. Both briefly looked at each other with a smile; Greg’s was nervous more than anything while Amy had the dirtiest, most lustful grin Greg’s ever seen on her.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“That look scares me.” Greg noted, equally playfully and naggingly.
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, does it really?” Amy responded, showing her teeth and sticking out her tongue in a menacing manner. Bluish, flickering glow briefly illuminated the corners of her mouth from inside it before going dark again. Lowering herself, she brought up her face closer to Greg’s standing rod, her tongue delightfully sticking out of her mouth. A clawed hand gently grasped its base as she watched it in admiration. 
&emsp; &emsp;“It’s both so hard and soft, how’s that even possible?” She mentioned before reaching with her tongue and giving the head a quick lick, leaving it glistening with thick saliva and receiving a short sigh from Greg.
&emsp; &emsp;“Ooh, and it’s so warm!” She inspected further, her voice playful and curious. Before Greg could say anything (not that he knew what to say, anyway), Amy reached with her tongue again, wrapping it around the shaft. Her single eye switching between the organ in front of her and the human’s uncertain face above, she started moving her squishy, wet appendage up and down with quiet, almost inaudible squelching sounds. Greg’s noises were definitely very audible however, starting with a loud gasp while his fingers clutched the sofa’s pillows. Along with the incredible pleasure, he felt strange tingling along the height of his rod. It wasn’t unpleasant but not exactly stimulating either; it worked more like a spice on an already intense, blissful experience.
&emsp; &emsp;“Ah– wow, Amy, you’re really—“, he interrupted himself with a groan, “really amazing, but could you—“, and another, “please slow down? I can’t—.”
&emsp; &emsp;The movement below ceased and Amy looked up, her tongue still wrapped around Greg’s member that was now doused in shimmering saliva. She briefly tried to say something unintelligible before stopping herself and returning it back to her mouth.
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, sorry, y’just taste good. But it looked like ya’ liked it, right?” She asked.
&emsp; &emsp;“I did, but at this rate, I’d be done in less than a minute, Amy.” Greg explained with an apologetic tone.
&emsp; &emsp;“And?”
&emsp; &emsp;“I mean, I want you to enjoy it, too; and for a bit longer than thirty seconds, you know.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh… Hey, no worries, man. We can do doubles, right?”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg chuckled at the idea but he had to (and definitely wanted to) agree.
&emsp; &emsp;“I want you down there, but not b’fore I get a proper taste of ya’, alright? Don’t hold back, relax.” Amy reassured him, her voice now soft, “We’ve got the whole night.”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Greg felt the warm, slimy tentacle-like appendage wrap around his member again, making him hiss from the tingling pleasure. Suddenly, the slight warmth was replaced by intense heat all around. When he looked down, the entirety of his dick was hidden inside Amy’s mouth, her head bobbing up and down while her lips and tongue worked hard on squeezing his soul out of him.
&emsp; &emsp;Huffing and moaning, he started losing himself in the pleasure, flexing his legs and arms uncontrollably, still pinned down by the Cacodemon weighing down his legs. She was so voracious, that often, Greg felt his testicles get surrounded by sticky wetness of Amy’s mouth as they were being gently played with. He could hear (and feel) her moaning in delight and enjoyment while he himself was almost ecstatic, unable to focus on anything but the amazing sensations Amy was giving him.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;He felt getting close to the sweet release, barely able to hold it in anymore. His noises, getting more intense, alerted Amy of what was to come. He tried to warn her with words but before he could build a sentence, it was too late. Reflexively, he grabbed the demon’s head and held it pressed against his crotch as he came, shooting loads of warm seed in her mouth as waves of orgasmic pleasure travelled through his body, the demon’s tongue tightly squeezing out any last bit of cum out of him.
&emsp; &emsp;When it slowly subsided, Amy raised her head, spitting the quickly softening cock out, the whole wide area around it covered in spit. He knew Amy salivated more than he did when eating something, but this was much more than he thought was even possible. He felt strangely flattered.
&emsp; &emsp;“So, how’as it?” Amy asked with a wide smile after wiping her lips and cheeks.
&emsp; &emsp;“Incredible. Just… amazing. I’m not sure how I can repay that.” Greg said to her, exhausted and breathing heavily. The Cacodemon responded with a sensual chuckle.
&emsp; &emsp;“Also, uh… it’s a bit strange but… how did it taste?” He asked a moment later, getting another giggle from Amy.
&emsp; &emsp;“Interestin’. Very different than what I expected. Definitely not a bad taste to connect with you.” She replied and licked her lips, “I wouldn’t mind having s’more later.”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;There was mild ruffle as Amy sat up on the sofa, a cute smirk staying on her face as she looked at Greg. He was still leaning against the armrest, staring somewhere behind Amy with almost a blank expression. While the overwhelming physical sensation was already gone, the blissful mental limbo stayed.
&emsp; &emsp;“You alright?” Amy asked him. Greg’s eyes quickly focused on her before he briefly shook his head.
&emsp; &emsp;“Yeah, I’m here.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Right… Tell me when you’re ready to… pay up.” Amy said with a sultry chuckle before lying down on the opposite end of the couch. With one of her legs in an inverse-V posture with the other resting on it, Greg had a wonderful view of her inner thighs, with the only piece of garment covering her privates being her panties, as dark as her surroundings.
&emsp; &emsp;“Well, I am ready.” Greg immediately said from the other side.
&emsp; &emsp;“Really? Doesn’t look like it.” Amy snickered while lazily raising her arm towards the human’s bare crotch with his naked, flaccid member out in the open. He responded after licking his lips, “No, I have a better idea.”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;A moment filled with some stumbling around later, Greg was now sitting on his knees, supporting himself with his hands. He made a step towards Amy until her legs were right in front of his face. Slowly, the Cacodemon’s smile widened with realisation.
&emsp; &emsp;“So, ‘that your idea?” She asked, her voice a little shaky.
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, yeah.” Greg reassured her as he gently rubbed his cheeks against her foot, scratching an itchy spot in the process. He saw Amy’s knees slowly moving apart and the suspended sole he brushed his face against land on the soft cushions.
&emsp; &emsp;“Don’t keep me waiting, man.” The demon said when the path between her legs was opened. Lying down with the stomach on the couch, Greg positioned his head right above Amy’s knees, feeling the intense warmth and a pleasant, primal scent radiating from her.
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, don’t you worry.” He purred as he gave the thighs surrounding him a few rough licks before moving in closer to where they merged with the body. With each step, each increasingly gentler caress and each embrace of those warm legs, the natural, mildly sweet and sulphurous smell Greg sensed before intensified, never too strong or overwhelming, but rather exciting and lust-inducing.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Greg’s nose bumped into something. Something wet, even in the somewhat humid air. From above, he heard a quiet but sharp exhale. He rubbed against the cloth a few more times with his nose while kissing the skin outside of it, earning small squirms from all around him.
&emsp; &emsp;He was almost completely blind; the lighting in the room was already very dim, but with his face buried in Amy’s crotch, he couldn’t see anything. However, that only served to heighten his other senses – the warm pressure all around him, the quiet moans from above, Amy’s primal smell and tangy but fresh taste, lingering on Greg’s tongue even though he didn’t get to put it to work much, yet.
&emsp; &emsp;Finally, he targeted all of his mouth’s attention on the desperately wet panties that up until now only his nose got to enjoy. The weight on his temples got almost uncomfortable when he gave Amy’s hidden privates several strong licks, a few times descending lower before returning to the upper, evidently more sensitive parts.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“I could fall asleep here…” Greg muttered with a low voice, “It’s so nice here,” He continued after grazing a particular spot with his tongue, “And you taste good, too.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, do I? Guess that’s mutual.” Amy chippered, entertained, “But don’t think about passing out there, not before,” She paused to grind herself against the guy’s face a little, “not before you’re done.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Right, there’s one more thing though.” Greg mentioned before moving his face away. His fingers started dancing around the demon’s plump butt before grabbing the strings of the single piece of underwear. Slowly, he started to pull it down before being promptly interrupted by an unexpected blockage Amy was sitting on. She looked down, her confused face clearing out.
&emsp; &emsp;“Ah, right.” The Cacodemon burbled before her body suddenly began moving. With her legs still on the sofa, the rest of her without warning started to float a few inches above the couch. With open space under her, Greg could finish pulling the soaking wet panties down before throwing them away while she sat back down with a quiet thud.
&emsp; &emsp;“Nice design choice.” He commented on the red, sharply stylised pentagram on the black underwear.
&emsp; &emsp;“Yeah, I liked ‘em in the store. I’ve got ones that’re white on red, too.”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Returning back to the familiar warm place, Greg laid down to be more comfortable while Amy slid down the armrest she was supporting herself against a little to give him easier access. He forced himself to not go crazy and fierce on the adorable Caco and started with a few tentative licks, exploring the Amy’s now uncovered entrance. It was softer and less grinding than the cloth of the panties before.
&emsp; &emsp;Gradually kissing and caressing all the parts, Greg’s guess that Amy’s upper parts are the most sensitive proved correct, so he focused his attention there. He could have done the opposite and give her the biggest gratification just ever so slightly, only occasionally moving up, but he decided against it. He didn’t want to tease her much.
&emsp; &emsp;The soft thighs around Greg, often tensing up and pressing on his temples, were the biggest indicators of his progress. Slowly but steadily, his movements got more intricate and precise, striking on Amy’s best spots, gaining soft moans from her. Gently, he tried to enter her silky mouth with his tongue, getting more of her delicious juices and feeling up her inner structure, slightly ridged and very squishy.
&emsp; &emsp;“H-how’re you doin’ this? It’s so… so good.” Amy delightfully whimpered from above with a delicate, fragile voice. Greg’s reply was an intense treatment of the spot he was licking inside and suckling on outside. The legs around him wrapped round his head, squeezing it hard with their soft pressure. It was almost painful, but also most exciting; knowing what he was doing to her, carrying her through pleasure closer and closer to the wonderful final relief.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Determining to bring Amy to climax, Greg picked up the pace, trying all sorts of techniques that seemed to work. Slowly, his tongue started to tingle, similarly to what he felt before when his and Amy’s mouth were connected and tongues intertwined in a fiery kiss. It wasn’t uncomfortable like licking a battery, but it was similarly electric and it made him even more ferocious.
&emsp; &emsp;The soft moans from above him turned louder and stronger, changing into groans, sighs and sharp breaths. Suddenly, he felt a pair of hands roughly grab his head before quickly pushing it forwards, deeper into the demon’s crotch. His tongue could now reach further and the intense pressure on his face was now really from all sides. Every few seconds he had to resist the weight however, to breathe in.
&emsp; &emsp;“Do it… please, I’m s-so…” Amy cried out with a moan, “…close.”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg continued, focused and vigorous, his mouth and lips covered in tangy juice and spit. He didn’t stop, not when the movement and shaking around him got stronger, not when he could feel all the muscles in Amy’s body tense up and definitely not when she rubbed her groin all over his face as she called out his name and almost crushed his head as waves of ecstatic pleasure traversed through her body.
&emsp; &emsp;He slowed down and stopped only when the melodic shrieks turned into fatigued sighs and when the weight on his temples relaxed. He gave the soaked sheath a last kiss before moving away, his face still covered in smells and fluids.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“How… the fuck,” Amy almost spat out the word, “did you do that?”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg licked his lips before chuckling. He looked at the completely drained and exhausted, but nonetheless beautiful Cacodemon, her single eye still glowing vividly.
&emsp; &emsp;“Magic. So, I guess you liked it?”
&emsp; &emsp;Amy slapped her face with her palm before laughing.
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, no, it’s not like I totally didn’t almost pass out from how fucking good it felt.” She lowered her hand and her lips formed a grin, “And I totally don’t want to ever do it again. Nuh-uh.”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg raised his eyebrows and smiled at her adorable sarcasm.
&emsp; &emsp;“Really? Oh, I should be going, then.” He struck back, his voice just as ironic as hers.
&emsp; &emsp;“Whaa? Not even a cuddle for good night?”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Comfortable silence spread again. It was pitch-black outside and the lamp’s dim light was only able to highlight edges of whatever it weakly shined upon. It was perfect. Life was good.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“Hey, wanna watch some movies?” Amy asked from the opposite end of the sofa.
&emsp; &emsp;Greg positively hummed and sat up before moving closer to Amy, grabbing the two boxes of leftovers from the table along the way while kicking off his pants that were still wrapped around his knees. When he fell back into the sofa right next to his plump mate, he opened both packages and threw the contents of one in the other, putting the empty one on the table again. Combined, it made for a nice snack for both of them. Healthy.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“What d’ya wanna watch?” Amy asked, grabbing a slice of pizza in one hand and the remote in the other. Greg realised that even though her habits looked pretty messy, her place really wasn’t. She never touched any gadget with a hand she used to eat greasy food.
&emsp; &emsp;Greg reached over Amy and grabbed a blanket unwrapping it and covering his and Amy’s laps with it before grabbing himself a pizza slice as well and looking at the now lit up screen in front of them, “I don’t mind anything, really.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Well, we’ve got… ‘Blood and Trust’, I don’t like that one, too cheesy… ‘High Doom Drifter’, that one’s cheesy too, but in a really good way, the main guy takes no shit from anyone…” Amy briefly commented on most movies she came across in the selection before stumbling across one that made her stop, “Oh! ‘Running from Evil’, it’s about a Baron falling in love with an Imp. I haven’t seen that one yet but I heard it’s really good. What d’you think?”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg answered through the bite he was chewing on, “Sure, could be nice.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Right? I read a review, they said that it’s the ‘most beautiful and heart-breaking story in recent months, unexpectedly coming from a Baron writer’!”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;The movie started and the pair cuddled together under the covers. Before the intro credits could even finish, there was only one last slice of the pizza pie left in the box the two had in their laps.
&emsp; &emsp;“Well, what now?”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg didn’t say anything and instead grabbed the cold, delicious triangle. He reached with it to Amy who quickly realised what he wanted to do and took a bite (chewing off almost half of the slice). Greg took another one and a couple more before handing it to the Cacodemon again. The final pizza slice dilemma was actually very easy to solve, if you didn’t mind sharing a bite with someone else.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;The movie’s exposition started, with the story taking place back at the other side. It was more psychological than Greg expected, which accompanied the plot pretty well: A Baron not killing a fleeing, terrified Imp, since he already had enough still prey around him; his thoughts coming back to her, starting with a complete lack of interest as new, strange feelings started to flood the bruiser’s mind: weakness, self-disgust, guilt, fear of the unknown and fear for the insignificant worm he could have easily destroyed in cold blood.
&emsp; &emsp;It was pretty intense even for Greg, but Amy was on the brink of breaking down crying. Did all demons go through this? Trying to comfort her, he hugged her closer with one arm and grabbed her hand with the other. He didn’t let go through the entirety of the movie, even when she sometimes squeezed it in tension so much that he felt like all of the bones in his palm were about to crack.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;The story continued with the Baron setting out to find whoever this Imp was, showing his dread of living in the nightmarish realm and repugnance every time he’d see another corpse, another useless death. After quite a bit of communication problems, the two finally joined up. Slowly, some interesting chemistry started to bubble between them as they traversed Hell in search of a way out.
&emsp; &emsp;They fought in several unpleasant encounters, leaving both of them injured. The Baron endured them easily, but the Imp almost succumbed to them and needed to be carried. It was clear that without the towering bruiser, she would die. Luckily, they finally found another friendly group lead by a Summoner who was able to activate a portal, if they were to find one.
&emsp; &emsp;The movie’s finale took place in a small, abandoned temple where the gathering indeed found a working teleport. One by one, each demon entered the red flashing portal into the unknown. 
&emsp; &emsp;The Baron, holding the wounded Imp in a gentle embrace, confessed his feeling towards her and the smaller demon professed the same. Smiling, the pair stepped into the light.
&emsp; &emsp;They did it. They survived. Only peaceful life will follow now.
&emsp; &emsp;The very last scene showed the Summoner leader slowly floating towards the portal with a happy, content smile before also disappearing, closing the dimensional passage behind him.
&emsp; &emsp;What was waiting for them on the other side stayed a mystery.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;A sniff resonated through the room. Greg looked at Amy whose face was now covered in several trails of tears running along a melancholic smile below her large singular eye.
&emsp; &emsp;“You alright?” He asked.
&emsp; &emsp;“Y-yeah, just, it’s too sad.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Don’t worry, it ended well, I think.” Greg tried to reassure her.
&emsp; &emsp;“I hope!” She exclaimed before making another sniff, “Sorry, it was way too… real, y’know… I knew how they felt.”
&emsp; &emsp;There was silence for a second.
&emsp; &emsp;“Hey, it’s all good now.” The human whispered to the depressed demon. Maybe watching sad movies with her wasn’t the brightest idea.
&emsp; &emsp;“Yea’, I know. It’s just somethin’ most of us don’t like to think ‘bout. And they made it so beautiful.” Amy said, calming down. She cuddled closer to Greg and closed her eye, “Thanks for bein’ here though. I couldn’t watch it without you.”
&emsp; &emsp;Greg returned the embrace, placing his hand on her further shoulder and the other on the back of her head, gently scratching her scalp.
&emsp; &emsp;“I’ll be here if you need me, don’t worry.”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Amy smiled and, both of them still covered by the large, fuzzy blanket, pushed Greg on the sofa before lying down next to him.
&emsp; &emsp;“Please do. Stay.”
&emsp; &emsp;A few moments later, her breathing turned slower and deeper. Greg decided to not wake her up and instead cuddled closer to her, planting a small kiss on her cheek before following suit shortly after.
