# Omori and Basil vs Mari: Part 2

Basil’s blood turned cold after hearing those words. Something just changed in her aura and whatever it was, Basil could tell that they’re in for a world of pain.

“We got this,” Omori reminded, grasping his left arm and giving it a squeeze. Basil smiled. He’s right, he just had to keep his head up and stay focused. Mari effortlessly twirled the now longer and more intimidating banana as she paced back and forth, though her eyes remained on them. Neither side wanted to attack first, opting to watch each other closely and act accordingly when the time is right. That new weapon of hers was surely going to be a problem. It’s no ordinary banana that’s for sure and the mere sight of it elicited fear deep within Basil for reasons he could not fathom.

“You must be thinking what this banana can do, right?” she said, holding it up in the air for them to see. Omori seized that chance and summoned a flurry of red hands to snatch the weapon but Mari saw it coming, did an upward slash, and eliminated the hands all at the same time. With it came a mighty shockwave that knocked the two boys off their feet and sent them rolling dangerously close to the edge of the arena. It’s game over if they stepped foot outside, those were the rules, but luckily, Basil was able to summon a vine just in time to stop them from being blown off the platform. 

Whew, that was close.

Mari brushed some strands of hair that got on her face and sat on the floor, placing the basket by her side. “Tsk tsk, patience little brother. I was just about to tell you about it before you interrupted me. Well then, I’d like you to meet the Eternal Banana.” She held up the weapon again for them to see and Basil could’ve sworn that it manifested a golden glow for about a fraction of a second. It’s beautiful and majestic, unlike anything he’d seen before. It’s strange but Basil felt what could only be described as a profound sense of respect as he looked at the gigantic banana in awe.

“Powerful enough to destroy anything with one blow,” she nonchalantly added. Basil gulped. Maybe this battle wasn’t such a good idea after all.  “Oh don’t be scared,” she said as if reading his mind, “It only applies to objects and whatnot. Despite the shockwave you’ve just experienced, the Eternal Banana is incapable of physically harming humans, at least not directly, but it does have a different effect when you get hit up close by it.” She stood up and started approaching them with a manic smile on her face. 

“So, how about a demonstration?”

Crap, this is bad. Either another shockwave hits them if they attempt to fight back which will surely throw them off the arena or one of them gets struck by the weapon, not knowing what effect it’ll have on them. At a loss on what they should do next, Basil nervously pulled his hair and turned to Omori. Surely he’s got a plan that could get them out of this, right? 

“What should we do now?!”

Omori gestured for him to come closer and whispered something in his ear.

Basil blinked a couple of times to process what he just heard. “I see.”

It was in that moment when Basil truly understood the vast difference between their fighting experiences. Omori’s been doing this for a long time, much longer than him, so it’s no surprise that he could come up with such elaborate battle tactics on the fly despite immense pressure bearing down on them.

“I know you can do it.”

Omori had a determined smile on his face. A smile which warmed Basil’s heart and made him feel like he could do anything.

“Yeah, we’ll show that clone what we’re capable of,” he said, pumping his fist. “I believe in us!” 

“Time’s up boys.”

Basil closed his eyes and conjured a massive wall of vines shooting up from the ground, enclosing the three of them within, dust spreading in the air from the force of the shattered concrete. In doing so, Basil just used up most of the energy he had left and collapsed on his feet.

Mari looked around with a smug expression. “Haha, what were you thinking? Trapping yourselves in here with me wasn’t the brightest idea you know?” She turned to Omori with a triumphant look on her face, waving the banana like a children’s toy. “Since your friend won’t be getting up soon how about I just try this on you, little brother? It won’t hurt I promise!”

Omori didn’t budge from his position and shot her an icy glare. 

“How cute. Seems like you’ve accepted your fate.”

Mari simply chuckled and pointed the weapon to him, the tip of the banana almost touching his chin. 

Omori did not say anything and remained still.

Everything was going according to plan.

With a sadistic smile, Mari raised the banana over his head and struck him down.

“I win.”

Omori disappeared in a puff of smoke and in his place was a perfectly round orange — the very same fruit she used as a decoy earlier. 

“You!” Mari ran and immediately struck the collapsed Basil on the ground.

Another orange.

Realizing she’s been tricked, Mari’s expression instantly changed from ecstasy to fury. She turned to where she left her basket but did not find it. Unbeknown to her, Omori stole the basket earlier as dust filled the air right after Basil summoned the vines and quickly replaced themselves with the decoys, sneaking out of the wall with Mari none the wiser.

“Nooooooooo!” she screeched, her eyes turning blood red with rage.

Outside, on the opposite side of the arena, Basil mustered whatever strength he had left and grabbed the vial of concoction from his pocket, gulping it down. The result was quick and he felt the strength flowing back into his body just after five seconds.

“Even though she’s a fake, I still can’t help but feel bad for what’s about to happen,” he said. 

Omori sat down. “Don’t be. That abominable clone is not my sister. It’ll get what’s coming to it.”

Basil felt a huge sense of relief but his job wasn’t over yet. He summoned another set of vines that crawled over the existing ones, creating an additional layer and making the wall even thicker so Mari won’t be able to escape easily. The vines reached up to the top, covering it completely and creating a cylindrical container with a small opening right at its very center.

Just enough space for some lemon explosives to sneak their way in.

“Good job, Basil.”

“Ah, it was nothing. Just did what you told me to do.”

An explosion from the inside of the container made them jump up. 

“Omori, do it now!”

“Right.”

Omori’s army of red hands took the basket and hovered over the opening, throwing all of the lemon explosives inside. Flames shot up and multiple explosions occurred one after the other, incinerating everything within a certain radius and bathing the arena in shades of orange. Basil felt a shiver run down his spine.

It was a spectacular sight, the perfect finish to their battle.

It’s over.



Or so they thought.



A cursed figure straight out of a horror movie walked out of the flames. It was a flaming corpse, with a horribly deformed neck and a gaping mouth where one can see nothing but pitch black darkness.

“I’LL KILL YOU!!!! I’LL KILL YOU!!!! I’LL KILL YOU!!!!” it screamed over and over again as it approached.

Basil shrunk back and was frozen in abject fear, until Omori gripped his hand and stared him right in the eye.

“Don’t give up now. Let’s finish this.”

Basil nodded. As long as he’s with Omori, he can do anything.

Everything is going to be okay.


RELEASE ENERGY!


Gripping his hand back with renewed resolve, Basil closed his eyes and summoned another set of multiple vines; the most he’s ever done so far. Omori responded by enveloping the vines with red hands that latched on to them and gave them even more power. With ferocious speed, they impaled the flaming corpse in every direction, tearing its body to shreds while the red hands pounded its bones into fine dust.

Nothing was left of it when they were done, it’s existence utterly erased.

They've won.
