The crackling of the large campfires joined with the cackling and raucous laughter through the large clearing as the orcish raiding party celebrated. They’d hit a human fort earlier in the evening, bursting through the gates and rushing over the defenses for pure, exhilarating combat against the ‘finest’ soldiers in the land. Said soldiers had, indeed, put up a good fight—good enough to rout the barbarians and drive the raiding party off—but more than a few had been bested and grabbed up as the orcs took flight. That was what was being celebrated now: the new haul of men to be taken back to the tribe’s main camp. 

However, one particular orc was more caught up in his thoughts than in celebration. Urzent looked the large group of human captives over—fine men who had been stripped of their armor and clothing and left bound and gagged and nearly-nude—and then to one human who had been tied up and left separated from the group, shivering and mewling to himself against a nearby tree. This other captive was younger than the others, beardless and weak, and had been caught up by one of Urzent’s men during the retreat; none of the other orcs had come forth to take responsibility for the mix-up, every one of them eyeing each other and remaining silent when Urzent had roared for an explanation, and so it fell to him as leader of this particular raiding party to do so. 

Urzent sighed, rubbing the back of his bald head and scratching at one of his pointed ears. He was old, too old to deal with this kind of shit. His heavily scarred body had been on one too many raids, and he had been looking forward to being allowed retirement with the spoils of his years of successes—the many fine, eager, burly men he’d taken as his mates over his long career—and spending the remainder of his life instructing the younger boars in combat. His experience and techniques passing to the younger generations, being used and improved upon long after he was put in the ground. This last haul would be the crowning achievement of his service to the tribe, and would inspire his sons and the other young boars to follow in his footsteps. Now, however, this snag was set to mar his success with the shame of capturing a boy who couldn’t fight back.

He couldn’t just let the lad go; there was a chance, however slim, that the young human would make it back to the fort, and could tell them which direction his raiding party had gone. Even if he didn’t, the woods were dark and twisted at night, and the thought of leaving the human to wander until he fell to the fang of some beast or starvation or some other misfortune left Urzent’s mouth tasting sour. The orc didn’t even consider spilling the boy’s blood himself—that would be a shame that would follow him into the afterlife, and be enacted upon him in turn by his ancestors for eternity. 

Urzent finally shook his thoughts away with a deep, heavy sigh. There was nothing for it; the human would have to become his. 

The younger human’s whimpering fell into terrified silence at the orc’s approach. Wide, earth-brown eyes stared up at Urzent with the primal, animalistic fear of a rabbit facing the wolf’s bared jaws. He was dressed in a thin nightshirt and pair of breeches, and Urzent could see a fairly-dark bruise on the lad’s cheek—another shame he’d have to bear, if it was made by one of his men. With another sigh, Urzent reached toward the human and was met with a wordless, desperate scream. 

“Quiet, lad! I ain’t gonna hurt’cha!”

“Let me go!” Urzent grunted as the human’s bound hands shot forward to punch him square in the right eye. He stayed steady—a little shiner was nothing to the massive orc—but reached up to rub the stinging flesh nonetheless. That was a pretty nice shot, one that Urzent wouldn’t have expected from the smaller male.

The young human let out another desperate cry as he was picked up by the orc, beating and kicking the far-larger male as he was cradled against Urzent’s bare chest—the orcs had stripped out of their own armor after making camp to enjoy their ‘celebrations’—and Urzent took each blow with a hum of consideration. He could feel the beginnings of lithe, compact muscles as the human squirmed in his grip; nothing near what the orc would look for in an opponent in battle, but a good start for the younger human’s age. Of course, the struggling was making carrying him a lot harder than it needed to be, and so Urzent shifted his grip so he could grip the back of the lad’s short-haired head and shove the human’s nose into the crook of his armpit. 

The human struggled for a few more moments, groaning and shouting out desperate pleas and profanities, and then finally melted into a boneless, mewling heap in Urzent’s arms as he breathed in the rich scent of the orc’s body. Urzent grinned, petting through the human’s brown hair. “Dat’s it, lad, deep breaths. Take a good whiff a’ ol’ Urzent’s stink…” The spicy, pungent musk of their sweaty, battle-worn bodies had always been one of the orcs’ most potent weapons, able to turn even the most combative opponent into putty in a boar’s hands. And it seemed to be working on the younger human just as well—very well—judging by the way he began to cling to Urzent’s shoulder with his bound hands and rub his nose into the crook of the orc’s arm, taking deep sniffs of the scent there. Perhaps dealing with this particular captive would be easier than the orc had thought. 

Urzent found a fallen log a short distance away from the camp; close enough that the flickering light from the campfires still filtered through the trees, illuminating the both of them in an intimate half-darkness, but far enough away to afford the two some privacy. He sat down, positioning the younger human atop his lap, and lifted his arm up high to bare the sweat-soaked tuft of oily black hair within. The younger human was drawn to it like a moth to a flame, letting out a low groan as he buried his nose into the orc’s armpit to continue breathing in the larger male’s musk. Urzent murmured to the lad, petting trhough the young human’s hair, and for a moment was reminded of the first sampling his sons had taken of his scent; the way the young boars had climbed into his lap, burying their snouts into his chest and armpits and grinding their adolescent erections into his hip as they sniffed and snuffled about. 

The orc was broken out of his reverie by the feeling of something firm poking into his side, and let out a soft guffaw. “Really like it, don’t’cha boy?” 

“Not a boy…” The young human’s voice was hazy and distant, drunk off the scent of Urzent’s musk, but it gained a soft petulance as he looked up to meet the orc’s gaze. “I’m eighteen summers, already entered manhood. I can fight…” It might’ve been a threat—seemed to be, by the way his squirming in Urzent’s lap resumed for a moment—but Urzent let it pass. 

“Dat so? Sorry den, lad.” He couldn’t stop a grin from stretching his lips around his tusks at a groan of annoyance. “What’cher name, den, hm?” 

The smaller male seemed reluctant to answer. His eyes began to dart around, lazy at first, but with growing urgency as the scent of the orc’s armpit faded from his nose. He flinched at the touch of Urzent’s large, calloused hand on his back, and shuddered as it stroked up and down his spine.

“Relax, lad, ain’t gonna hurt’cha.” Urzent leaned in, ignoring the sharp inhalation of breath from the young human, and nuzzled into the lad’s neck. His tusks slowly rubbed against the smaller male’s throat, tender and gentle, and the human in his arms shivered once more as the orc’s lips joined them in caressing the delicate flesh. “Come on, ye can at least let ol’ Urzent know yer name, aye?” 

“Mmf.” Again, that hesitation, and then a soft sigh. “Miles.” 

“Miles, eh?” Urzent chuckled, and then made the young human hiss and clutch onto him with a sharp suckle on Miles’ throat. He let his tongue slowly rub over the spot, and drew out a low moan from the smaller male. “N’ what were ya doin’ at the fort, lad?”

Again, Miles seemed reluctant to talk—he had been taken captive by the orc raiding party, after all—but Urzent gradually drew the story out with every tender kiss and touch and scrape of his tusks along the young human’s throat. Miles had been assigned to the fort by his father, a high-ranking noble, to learn about military command from his brother, who was a captain of the army. At least, that was the apparent intention: in reality, Miles had been given every menial, embarrassing, dirty job that his brother could think of, and had been rebuffed at every turn when he tried to gain anything of value from the older human. Miles had always been the unfavorite of his family, scrawny and weak, and had grown used to being passed over in all matters in favor of his older brother; and Miles’ brother had taken advantage of his younger sibling’s weakness and their father’s favor for pretty much all of their lives. 

Urzent listened, humming thoughtfully and sympathetically. He’d never understand humans and the way they seemed to relish screwing each other over for the slightest bit of advantage; in the orc tribes such behavior would get you thrown out on your ass, since it would demonstrate your lack of care for the prosperity of the tribe as a whole. He stroked and petted the young human, untying Miles’ wrists so the smaller male could cling to him; and from the way the lad pressed against him and mewled with every touch and caress, Urzent began to wonder if the smaller male had ever felt any kind of affectionate touch. 

“…so that’s why I was down in the cellar when you attacked.” Miles’ cheek rested heavily on the sweat-slick flesh of Urzent’s broad, supple chest, his arms around the larger male’s torso. His eyes were downcast, his expression shameful and sullen. “I wanted to help, but even hitting one of the orcs—one of you—from behind didn’t do anything. And then I got knocked over and dragged off like the useless lump I am...”

Urzent grunted, hooking a finger under Miles’ chin and lifting his face up. “N’ is dat how ya got dis ‘ere shiner, lad?” His thumb brushed the dark bruise under Miles’ eye; the young human flinched and tried to turn his face away, but Urzent gripped it with a gentle, firm hand. 

“No, that’s old…” 

“Huh…” Urzent’s brow furrowed at that. If what Miles had been saying about his treatment under his brother’s command was true, then he had a pretty good idea of where the bruise had come from. He was both relieved that he wouldn’t have to tan one of his men’s hide, and incensed on the lad’s behalf.

“Can I just get back… to…” Miles flushed, looking downward once more. 

“Ta what? Back to da fort?” Urzent paused for a moment, and then gave the young human a wide grin. “…Or back ta sniffin’ ol Urzent’s stinky pits?” 

The young human sputtered and stuttered, face growing hot and red as he squirmed on Urzent’s lap. The old orc gave Miles a flirtatious wink, and once again lifted his arm to bare the dank pit underneath. His scent, rich and pungent and masculine, filled the air around them and made both human and orc moan in musk-induced lust. Miles was drawn back into the orc’s armpit, and could only rub his face into the hairy, sweat-slickened flesh while listening to Urzent’s rumbles of pleasure. The larger male’s hands rubbed the young human’s slim shoulders, massaging and kneading and sliding down Miles’ sides to the human’s hips. With a whimper, the smaller male grabbed his pulsing crotch while taking a deep breath of Urzent’s scent, and felt the old orc rub the back of his hand. 

“S’alright, lad. Tell ol’ Urzent ‘ow ya love it.” Urzent smiled, and began to press soft kisses to the young human’s brow and temple. Orc boars typically loved the scent of each other, shoving their snouts into each others’ and their sire’s and father’s armpits and feet and crotches from the moment of their turn to adulthood, but Urzent knew that it was only a few humans who relished the scent as much as orcs did. Any human male would eventually break under the heady musk, but it was the humans who already had a taste, a desire, a need for the scents of another male’s body that were affected by it to this extent. Whose minds swam in a haze of lust with every inhale, and whose bodies betrayed their desires so utterly. Urzent smiled, gently drawing Miles’ face out of his armpit, and held it to make the human meet his tender gaze. “Ya love manstink, don’tcha lad?” 

“Yes.” The admission had to be forced out, but it released a babbling waterfall of words as Miles let the old orc caress and undress him. “I’ve never smelled it so strong, or… so direct… but when Bradon would make me clean his boots or the mens’ boots, or… do the washing…”

“Guessin’ Bradon’s yer brother, aye?” 

“Aye… uh, yes…” As soon as Urzent pulled the young human’s nightshirt up and off and tossed it aside, Miles buried his face in the old orc’s chest. Rubbed his face against the bare, sweaty flesh, and felt the plump muscles flex and bunch under him. “I loved to smell the insides of their boots. Or their… th-their dirty breeches. And when father would visit, I’d… I-I’d…” 

“You’d huff his stink, too? Smell it right from his boots n’ breeches?” Urzent chuckled, even as he continued to caress and explore Miles’ bared upper body. Again, he could feel the potential for nice musculature under the lad’s delicate skin; with a little time and training, he could be a fine warrior. The potential was there, in any case. He shook those thoughts away, and moved his hands lower to rub the young human’s hips through Miles’ own breeches. Over the rise of the lad’s rump, and then around to his thin thighs. “Y’ever sniff it right from da source, lad?”

“What?” Miles shivered under the old orc’s touch, but the pulsing tent and the growing wet spot in the cloth of his breeches betrayed him. 

Urzent leaned in, his breath huffing over the shell of Miles’ ear as he whispered, low and deep and husky. “Y’ever put’cher snout right in yer brother’s pits, lad? Smell his stink like yer sniffin’ ol Urzent’s now? Ever do it wit’cher father” One broad finger finally pressed against the tip of Miles’ tent, rubbing and making the young human’s breath hitch. “Yer father ever pull out da dick dat gave ya life n’ let’cha sniff it?”

“N-no. Never…” 

“Dat’s a shame. Da first dick a male should e’er smell’s his father’s.” Urzent looked down, humming in consideration once more. Even as he undid the tie of Miles’ breeches and pulled them down to free the throbbing length of the human’s cock. Even as he pulled Miles into his arms, embracing the shivering, shuddering young human. Even as Miles clutched onto him, clung to him, buried his face in the old orc’s chest again. Finally, Urzent let out a long, drawn-out sigh, and wrapped his hand around Miles’ erection. “Look, lad. Ye weren’t s’pposed ta be taken, but now yer here, ol’ Urzent needs ta take respons’bility fer ya.” 

Miles groaned, but didn’t say anything as the orc began stroking his length. He just closed his eyes and settled against the old orc, enjoying the feeling of another’s hand—however calloused—squeezing and rubbing and pumping his cock. His lips brushed against one of the orc’s dark-olive nipples, and the young human pulled away as he flushed; then Urzent cupped the back of Miles’ head, and gently guided the young human back toward his pec.

Their eyes met, and Urzent gave the young human a small, gentle—gentle, for a burly, tusked, barbarian warrior—smile. “Normally, dat’d mean takin’ ye in as a mate, but… what I think ya really need’s a father. One who’ll treat’cha right, give ya both a proper upbringin’ n’ the care n’ lovin’ ye need…” The old orc’s own cheeks were flushing dark and hot. “What’cha say? Wanna let ol Urzent treat’cha like a propa son?” 

Miles shivered again, pressing against the old orc. His gaze met Urzent’s, both of them freezing in the moment. Teetering, hanging by a single thread. “A proper son…” Miles gulped, and looked from the orc’s face, to his chest, to the strong hand slowly stroking his cock. He shifted on the larger male’s lap, and Urzent’s own massive, pendulous length pulsed against his bare rump through the orc’s thin loincloth. Finally, instead of answering with words, Miles dipped down to take one of the orc’s plump, dark-olive nipples between his lips.

Urzent crooned, pressing the young human into his chest as Miles began to suck. “Awww, fuck yeah. Dat’s it, lad…” He petted through Miles’ hair, and locked gazed with the young human. “…Dat’s it, son.” The old orc could feel the shudder of Miles’ body, hear the young human’s whimpering moan as he gave himself over to the larger male completely. Clinging to the old orc and suckling on his nipple like a babe while Urzent cradled him. The orc murmured to the young human, his voice quiet and tender. “Ye got a real fine dick, son.” And indeed, it was. Good-sized and thick, with just enough foreskin to tease and tug and roll over the velvety head. And underneath, a pair of good-sized balls, full and heavy in their lightly-hairy sack. Urzent explored all over Miles’ crotch, stroking through the thin, wispy hair—give it time and care, and the lad would probably have a fine bush down there—and groping and squeezing the human’s erection. 

“And you have a fine… everything… P-Papa Urz…” 

Urzent guffawed. “’Papa Urz’, eh? I likes it!” When he saw Miles looking down, blushing in embarrassment, he hooked a finger under the young human’s chin and lifted his face. He looked right into the human’s—his son’s—eyes, and slowly rubbed his tusks against Miles’ throat before pressing their lips together. “I really do, lad. Ye c’n call yer father dat whene’er ye like.” He grinned and winked flirtatiously. “’Specially when yer blowing a hot, fat load down yer Papa Urz’s gullet or up ‘is cunt.” 

Miles finally gave the orc a smile, and placed a sloppy, inexperienced kiss on Urzent’s—his papa’s—scarred cheek. However, he continued to stammer and stutter in embarrassment. “I’ve never, well… uh…”

“Never got’cher dick wet?” At Miles’ silent headshake, Urzent let out a soft sigh and gave his son another kiss. “Ye wanna wit’cher Papa?”
 
It only took a few moments for them to get ready for it. Urzent stood, lifting Miles up and setting the human on his feet, and then gave his son a slow, deep kiss. The lad proved to be very inexperienced, but the old orc was a gentle, patient teacher; he slowly worked Miles’ mouth open and pushed his tongue past the human’s lips, while teaching his son’s own tongue the intimate dance of a passionate kiss. While Miles was distracted, Urzent pulled his loincloth off to completely bare his own body; bared his heavy, club-like erection, which brushed against Miles’ own much smaller cock as the two lengths throbbed and pulsed between them. Then, with a grin, Urzent laid himself down on the leaf-covered ground, head resting on his arms, and spread his legs wide to let his son see his full nakedness. “Well, lad? What’cha think?” 

Miles stared in open reverence. The old orc’s body was heavily scarred, but the massive muscles—his pillowy pecs, boulder-like biceps, and tree-trunk thighs—made it clear that he’d earned every single one of them in glorious combat. Urzent only had a light dusting of graying black hair between his pecs and over his firm gut, which made the rich green of his skin only stand out more. And his cock and balls sat, massive and pendulous, between his legs; the length pulsing halfway up Urzent’s gut, the head hooded by a plump layer of sweaty foreskin, and the balls beneath hanging like fat, ripe fruits in their sack. Miles fell to his knees, his hands on the old orc’s thighs to steady himself, and looked to the older male. “Can I…?” 

“Sniff it? Lick it? Suck me balls ‘n tongue me foreskin?” Urzent guffawed, rocking his hips up and letting the heavy length of his cock bounce on his stomach and waft its rich, heady scent right into Miles’ face. “Go on ahead, son. Play wit Papa Urz’s dick howe’er ye want.”

And Miles did. He was sloppy and clumsy, grasping the shaft and squeezing and tugging the foreskin back to reveal the fat, smut-and-pre-coated, musky head. His tongue darting out to flick and lap over the spicy, sweaty flesh, and taste the flavor of his papa’s cock. Up and down the length of it, and over the leathery sack of Urzent’s balls. Urzent grunted and groaned, slowly directing the young human with his words and a few taps and light pats on the top of Miles’ head; leading him towards every little sweet spot that made his erection throb and spurt thick, pungent precum onto the lad’s lips and chin and cheeks. 

The old orc watched with a paternal smile as the human indulged himself. The way Miles groaned and whimpered as the shaft in his grip pulsed against his pre-smeared cheeks and tongue, the way he pushed his nose into every little crook and crease to sniff out Urzent’s scent, and the way the lad took one musky, full ball into his mouth to suckle the sweat and musk right off it before switching to the other; all of it made Urzent croon and groan with fatherly pride. “Dat’s it, ye were made ta suck Papa’s dick, weren’t’cha, lad?” It reminded the old orc of his mates, his own sons, the way their eyes had lit up with delight as they suckled and bobbed and worshiped their father’s cock. 

“It’s so… big. And smells so strong, Papa…” Miles moved up, latching onto the head, and his eyes fluttered as the pungent taste overwhelmed his senses. He hummed, sending buzzing vibrations down the length of the shaft and right into Urzent’s crotch, and did his best to take as much of the old orc’s dick into his mouth as he could. Lashing his tongue over and around the tip, and drinking down the shots of precum that dribbled out.

“’N it’s yers, son. Whene’er ye wanna taste a yer Papa’s big, fat, stinkin’ dick.” He grinned, cupping Miles’ cheeks, and slowly pulled the lad off of his length. It fell with a heavy, wet plop back onto his gut, splattering the flesh with mixed saliva and precum. “But we was talkin’ ‘bout getting’ yer dick wet, aye?” 

“You mean…?” 

The old orc chuckled at the widening of the human’s eyes, and gave Miles another flirtatious wink. He grunted and groaned, lifting his hips up and splaying his legs. He could see the human watching as he spread his ass open wide, feeling the cool night air caressing his dank cleft and winking pucker. “I mean, son, stick yer dick in yer Papa’s cunt.” 

Miles nodded, his own erection bobbing and bouncing as he pulled back. Urzent murmured and whispered and rumbled words of encouragement and instruction to the human as he positioned himself. Grasping the old orc’s thighs for support. Pressing his cock forward to rub the head over the greasy hole. The lad whimpered at the heat coming from the old orc’s insides as he pushed forward, and received a soft croon in return as his grip on Urzent’s thighs tightened.

“Shhh, son. S’alright. Shove it on in, s’okay…” 

Slowly, inch by inch, Miles’ cock sank into the tight, hot embrace of Urzent’s back passage. The inner walls caressed and squeezed the human’s shaft in ways he’d never felt before, judging by the low moans he was making. He gasped as the old orc grasped his hips and tugged him forward. Finally, Miles’ hips met Urzent’s rump, his entire length buried inside of his papa. “It… it feels… so good…” 

“I know, son. Yer doin’ great. Jus’ stay still, n’ Papa’ll tell ya how ta breed ‘im.” Urzent stroked over Miles’ hips and thighs and sides, pulling the human down on top of him. Letting Miles lay on his belly and chest, and chuckling as the human groaned at the feeling of the old orc’s cock grinding between them. “Slow, lad. Dat’s it... shhh…” The old orc was tender and patient, caressing and petting his son’s body as Miles began to hump into him. The human’s eyes clenched shut as he let out a low, needy croon of his own, and Urzent let out a quiet guffaw. “Aye, lad. Ye got it.” 

In and out, again and again. Miles’ hips rocked as Urzent directed them with his hand and thighs. He seemed to get the rhythm Urzent was showing him, moving forward as the old orc pushed up, and squirmed atop the old orc in sexual bliss. The human wasn’t tall enough to properly kiss in the position they’d taken, but Urzent didn’t mind; once more, his hand cupped the back of Miles’ head and guided the human down to his chest. When Miles latched onto the old orc’s nipple once more, sucking and lapping and swirling his tongue around and over the firm, plump flesh, Urzent let out a blissful sigh of his own. 

Miles nursed on his papa, switching from one of the old orc’s sweat-slick nipples to the other as he rocked and slammed into the larger male. He responded to every touch from Urzent—from Papa Urz—as the orc caressed his head and down his back and over his hips. The two letting their moaning and cries of pleasure fill the air between them as Miles went faster. Harder. Drawn into the older male with every clench and squeeze of the orc’s inner walls around his working manhood. Losing himself to the motion of thrusting into the old orc. 

Finally, with a shuddering whimper and a sharp suckle on Urzent’s chest, Miles came. He slammed forward, shaking and shivering as his orgasm swept over him, and Urzent held him close and tight. The orc pressed tender, loving kisses to his son’s temple and the top of his head, and cooed into the younger male’s ear. “Dat’s right. Papa’s cunt feels so good, aye? Fill ‘im up, lad, breed’jer papa…” His hands went to the young human’s rump once more, rubbing and squeezing and holding the human in place as he ground his cleft against Miles’ crotch and milked the smaller male’s cumming cock. When he felt the last few twitches and pulses inside him, Urzent slowly pushed the human’s hips away to draw Miles’ length out of his depths, and let his collapse onto the forest floor beside him. While Miles whimpered and sighed and moaned in pleasure, Urzent dipped down to take the human’s cock into his mouth and suck it clean. 

“Papa… oh, papa…” Now, it was Miles’ turn to caress and stroke the old orc’s bald head as Urzent bobbed and suckled on his cock. The length of it softened on the orc’s working tongue and between his lips, and Urzent tended to it with the same care and affection he’d given the rest of the human’s body. The same care and affection he planned to treat the lad with from now on. 

Urzent looked up, and their eyes met as the old orc swallowed down the last of the cum and smut on Miles’ spent manhood. Then he kissed a slow trail up Miles’ torso, dipping his tongue into the human’s navel and snuffling into the lad’s own armpits—the sweat of their exertion lingered there, bringing out Miles’ own musky scent, and Urzent relished his first sampling of it—before drawing his son into a slow, deep kiss. 

“Is this real? Are we really… can I…?”

“Aye lad, s’real. Ye can do anythin’ wit yer papa—and wit yer papa’s other sons n’ mates—dat ya like.” A soft grin and another wink made the young human blush so adorably, and Urzent couldn’t stop himself from pulling his son back on top of himself so they could embrace each other. 

“I’d… l-like that.” Miles wrapped his arms around the old orc, clinging to the larger male and resting his head on Urzent’s chest

“Har, yeah… yer gonna fit in da tribe jus’ fine, son.” For a moment, a vision of Miles flashed through Urzent’s mind; a vision of what the lad would become under his tutelage and care. Tall and proud, his body sculpted through training and combat into masculine burliness. Nude and erect, sucking dick and taking any boar that offered his cunt like a champ. Breeding fine, strong boars—sons—of his own. He looked down to the small, weak human dozing in his arms, and smiled as Miles reopened one sleepy eye to look up at him. “Rest, lad. We’s got a long march ahead a’ us back ta camp, n’ I ain’t gonna dally if ye fall behind.” 

“Yes- er, uh… aye, papa…” The human yawned and nuzzled back into his place on Urzent’s chest, and the old orc sighed. This wasn’t exactly what he was expecting out of the raid, but perhaps this would work out just fine. He would make it work, for the sake of his new son.
