Weeks upon weeks of planning, and at least a thousand dollars had been spent on the insistence of a book. Apparently the more you spent, the more it would draw the entity towards you since it would see it as a sign of worship. You'd spend more, but dropping a grand was at the absolute limit just in case this was all just a really elaborate scam. The book- what you had found at a random thrift store tucked under a box of practically brand new Yeezys (you copped those too), was allegedly some sort of summoning tool and had listed dozens upon dozens of rituals both little and large, cheap and exorbitant in price. Some of the ingredients were witchy-ey enough as is; graveyard dirt, the blood of the summoner, and a super specific circle that needed to be drawn incredibly precisely and with measuring tools.

But then the weird part came along. The bones of a 'freshly butchered' rat (this took you the longest to get and was by far the most fucked), two ruby red candles, two sky blue candles, two black candles, two yellow candles and two snow white candles who had their bases smeared with 'a fresh unpasteurized cheese'. At least the mouse trap that you bought raised way less eyebrows. You waited until the 28th of February to get most of your things, but had the rat prepared from setting a trap near the local Denny's. You just weren't going to talk about the gross sounds the rat made when you pulled the knife out. The ritual specified a 'chaotic time of summoning', so you decided on 6:59 AM just because who the fuck summons at that time?

Reading the script probably felt the worst though, all alone in your living room. The book said that practice simply wasn't allowed because 'disorganization was in a form, honesty'. With the lines and offerings laid out, you stumbled over the lines and horrifically mangled Latin in such a way that you're pretty sure that anyone that ever spoke that weird ass old ass musty ass language was spinning in their grave at lightspeeds. As you chanted strange syllables and at points pondered on the meaning of things, you became acutely aware of one thing- you couldn't hear anything. The sounds of the outside world had been drowned out, leaving you chanting- why couldn't you stop chanting? Your eyes flicked around the room nervously as something seized control of everything else, the old words becoming more fluent.

The rat carcass disintegrated and reformed, becoming a swirling puddle contained within the boundaries of the ritual circle and filling the room with the smell of cheese as it touched the candle bases. " . . preino rgin? " A raspy voice asked, filling your mind with the chittering of thousands of rats. It was almost maddening, the clicking of teeth muting the sound of the mousetrap snapping shut around the ear of a slowly solidifying figure before you. You were tall before, but considering the fact you were laying on your side and holding your head, the 4'11" fiery-headed girl within your slowly deteriorating circle was pretty huge. 

❝ . . W-What? ❞ You managed to stammer out, as she stepped over the last line and prodded you in the cheek with her clogs. " I said, 'parmesan reggiano?' That's the cheese you used, human. " Her attention flicking elsewhere, she took a few steps away and you slowly felt the feeling come back into your body. It felt like your existence was like a shitbox of a car doing 180 down a hill and entering a death wobble, just about on the verge of pulling apart. " Alright, you got some explaining to do, pal! What warrants summoning me, Hakos Baelz, concept of chaos and entropy given a terrible form, on my birthday! "

That wasn't right.. While standing up you looked at your phone and you swore for a moment that it was the 29th, but the screen glitched for the briefest of moments and showed it was March instead. " The day doesn't exist in this current year, you summoned me on the leap year! " The female continued ranting, plopping down on a chair and spinning around in circles with her arms crossed, " what's the big deal, bucko? " Finally up straight, you become incredibly aware of how tiny she is compared to you, and she does the same. Disguising it as a stretch, she quickly hopped up on her chair just to be taller than you, boosting it to the max height just for extra inches. While it does work as she intended, this also unfortunately for her, affords you a glimpse up that multicolored black-red-white skirt of hers. Equally unfortunately for you, you just can't make out if she has any underwear on or not. 

❝ Well, I summoned you to uh, make life less boring I guess. ❞ You said, scratching your neck awkwardly and offering her your book. There's a bemused expression on Baelz' face as you say this and she takes the book delicately, frowning. " This is first edition, " She exclaimed, following with a series of unintelligible words that felt like sandpaper on your brain (probably French), " You really got your hands on a ritual book that can invoke The Council? Honestly, props to you. " Clapping her hands together, she hopped off her seat and toddled on past you towards your kitchen. " Alright, time to be less boring then for as much time as I got here! Make me food, anything cheesy and you win Rat Points! " She smelled absolutely unidentifiable, as in you couldn't pin down her scent at all. It was like that one distant childhood memory of a place, but.. oddly comforting and somewhat enjoyable to dwell on. It brought you back to a simpler time. ❝ How much time do you have here? What are Rat Points? ❞ Questions flow out of your mouth, but she only chooses to answer one while you root through your fridge. 

" Well, for Rat Points, I'll do something interesting for however much you offer! " Hakos piped up, kicking her feet up on your table and making herself at home, staring out the window. You pulled out a frozen package of jumbo 5-cheese lasagna, eyeing it. ❝ Do you.. want to give me a guideline of how much points I can earn from simple things like, cooking you a meal? ❞ You queried, shoving it into the oven and looking over at her. " Naw, I'll award it how I feel like it. " She wasn't even paying attention to you, but that was fine, that just meant that you could peek all you wanted at her body. Short, petite but her chest was sorta nicely sized. If you had to guesstimate, she was probably a B cup, or a C if her top was holding it back that much. Smooth looking and with a bit of toning in places, you sort of lost yourself taking in every single curve of Baelz' figure because she suddenly turned her head and gave you an absolutely evil grin, displaying sharp teeth. " Oh my gods, you're one of thoooooose people. " She drawled, snickering as she stood up from her seat and made her way over towards you. Your face flushed a deep red and you looked away, attempting to look very busy with observing how the oven was coming along with the lasagna but the damage is already done. " You know that windows and stuff like, can show reflections, riiiight? Hey, don't ignore me, puppy, " reaching up, she grabbed your chin and forced you to look into her sparkling blue eyes, a twinkle both sadistic and playful dancing in them.

❝ I- ❞ You started, but she puts a finger to your lips. " You're so bad at this, Anon. " A shiver runs down your spine. How did she kn- " You summoned me with your blood. You really think we don't have some sort of link? I've been tuning into what you were doing this entire time, you pervert. " Baelz whispered in a husky tone, taking a step back from you. " Maybe I'll even deduct a Rat Point or a hundred from you, " the daintily-sized deity slowly bent over in front of you, skirt hiking up, " how does that sound as a punishment for a weirdo like you? " The thought of already being in Rat Point-debt is already soul crushing, but seeing that stupidly arousing short skirt of hers very sloooowly go higher and higher is jumbling your thoughts as it exposes more of her milky white skin, even showing off more and more of her squeezable, supple looking bottom-

" .. Are you really that interested in my ass? " She sounds exasperated, turning to look at you with eyes that practically scream 'really?' but.. her cheeks are tinged with red, and you swear you can detect a hint of pride and maybe embarrassment in that sweet voice of hers. You're caught in the act now and there's really no going back after this, so you put all your cards down on the table. ❝ Y-Yeah, I am. What about it? You're the one that bent over in front of me even after you caught me lookin' the first time. ❞ You reason, and you clearly hit a point with her because she quickly looks away. For some reason though, staring at her so hard, you hear thoughts in your head that don't quite belong to yours. Thoughts, no.. feelings. The more you look at her you- " Stop that! " She commanded, suddenly wrenching the oven and picking up the lasagna as if it wasn't sitting in a piping hot oven. " Go sit on that chair by the window! " Baelz demanded, stomping on over to the window and opening it, making sure that she had a good view from the second floor of the house you two were on. When you did sit down however, you manage to catch a glimpse of absolutely rosy cheeks on the councilmember before she sits down on your lap.

You stifle a small sound as she does so, looking down at the redhead on your lap who is very quietly eating her lasagna and staring out the window. There's no speaking to be done yet, but even now you can't control your body's urges and you feel yourself getting more and more aroused thinking about the situation. Hakos can feel it too, and you catch the tiniest whisper from her. " just this once.. only because I want this for my birthday right now, " and she begins to roll her hips back and forth, grinding her plush ass against your stiffening cock slowly and methodically, rubbing up against every available inch imprinting through your shorts. Your hands slowly move up to her hips, but she slaps them away and you quickly get the memo. Why would you be allowed to touch her anyways? Biting your bottom lip and controlling your breathing, you're just about the opposite of Baelz, who is now letting out soft, almost breathy sounds and barely touching her food now. Her small hands grip the edge of your table as she hungrily pushes herself against your covered dick, working up to a quick tempo. " Don't.. don't move.. " A small voice devoid of all the haughtiness orders, as she reaches a hand back, pressing against your chest before sliding itself down and into your pants, roughly tugging them down past your hips and not bothering to get them all the way off. Your boxers follow the same route, and she stands up a bit, skirt now fully pushed up and revealing a black-red g-string that covers incredibly little and sits high up on her hips, hidden by the straps that hold her skirt up. It's also from this angle now that you can see that she is literally dripping wet, thighs damp with arousal. Grabbing your manhood with one hand, she lets out a shaky breath, brushing the tip against her folds for a few moments and just almost entering. 

But, you make a move, against your better decisions. Your hands grab her hips and with barely any effort, push her straight down onto you, eliciting a loud, squeaky moan from her that more than definitely makes its way out onto the streets. She's incredibly tight and warm, her walls hugging you desperately as if its trying to milk you for all you're worth, but you're more than willing to oblige. While she's still recovering, you raise her up and marvel how light she is, bouncing Baelz on your cock while she's hanging on for dear life onto your table, digging her fingers into the wood. The sounds of your dick ramming into her sopping wet depths, your grunts of exertion and her sweet moans (all of which are varying in tone now) are the only things you're capable of being aware of. She's talking, but you can barely catch a few snippets as you rail her for all you're worth. " o-ooOOH FUCK! H-HARDER, YOU USELESS HUMAN! " The girl's getting less and less coherent as time goes by, devolving into muffled sobs as she buries her face into her arm to stop herself from shouting even more obscenely lewd things. Her insides feel like they might as well be the center of the Sun now with how hot her pussy feels, the way her honeypot keeps drawing you in deeper and grabbing onto you as your dick spreads the fun-sized goddess. You're sure she's moaning your name though as her knees begin to quiver and she slams herself down onto your lap, forcing you to shoot your load into her and coat her tight insides with your cum. Shaking and a little bit sweaty now, you manage to catch her mumbling: " t-that's... negative.. a million for... shooting it... in... "