Basil slammed the door to his room shut as he ran towards his bed. Plopping face-down, the blonde gardener began to cry. He cried because Sunny left. His best friend, the one who always listened, the one who always didn't mind him being around, was gone. Tears soaked into the pillow that Basil used to stifle his cries. Polly wasn't home, so he let himself go. He cried. And cried. And cried, until he fell asleep from exhaustion.
*Tap Tap Tap*
The sudden noise awoke Basil from his slumber. He could feel dried tears on his face, along with wetness on the ends of his hair.
*Tap Tap Tap*
That noise again. Stirring from his current position, Basil looked around the dark room. - Which was only illuminated by the moon. Scanning said room, Basil's eyes fell upon the glass window. He froze. Someone was standing in front of it, hand up balled into a fist. Basil stared at the silhouette with pin-prick pupils. It knocked again, and for a split second. - Basil swore he could see teeth and an eyeball. He started to shake, his breathing quickened as the thing-

"Basil!"

The sudden shout snapped him from his fear-induced state as his mind became clearer. Upon inspecting the silhouette closer, Basil could see glasses and a blue hoodie. His eyes blinked as he realized who it was. Standing up from his soft bed, Basil walked over to his window and twisted the latch on it. Shortly after, both him and Kim opened the only thing separating them. The tomboy climbed and into Basil's room. Now that they were standing face to face, Kim let out a chuckle.

Kim: "Geez, I kept trying get your attention for the past 20 minutes."

Basil's face fell.

Basil: "S-S-Sorry. I was s-sleeping..."

Kim shook her head from side to side.

Kim: "No need."

Just then, Kim's own face fell.

Kim: "Acutally... I didn't come here to chit-chat."

Basil watched as Kim rubbed her arm with the other. - Her gaze falling down at the floor.

Kim: "I.... I wanted to apologize, for the way I've been treating you. I, along with the others treated you like shit. We bullied you and... and..."

Tears began brimming in Kim's eyes. Seeing this, Basil snapped to action.

Basil: "P-Please don't be sad, Kim! I-I'm okay now! I forgive you..."

Basil's eyes widened suddenly when he was embraced by the girl in front of him. Arms wrapped around his frail form and didn't let go. Basil tried his best to return the hug, even if it wasn't much. Later on, Basil and Kim sat on his bed. - Both of them started a conversation and admittedly were having a good time. When Kim asked Basil why his pillow was wet, it didn't take long for him to admit he cried. When Kim pressed on, he told her everything. Basil began tearing up when he told Kim about... Something. He first thought that she thought he was crazy, but when she took his hands in her own, it caused the flower boy to look up. Kim's eyes met Basil's own and for a moment, the two could only see each other. As if they became magnetized, both of their faces inched ever so closer. When their lips touched, it was like electricity shot throughout both their bodies. - The warm feeling of Kim's lips on Basil's own was... wonderful. After a minute or so, both teens pulled back. - Faces redder than a rose.

Kim: "S-Sorry."

But Basil shook his head.

Basil: "N-No, it's fine..."

Silence surrounded them. Both teens kept staring at each other, daring the other to break the silence. Kim swallowed a large lump in her throat.

Kim: "D-Do you want to..."

Seeing the look in Kim's eyes told Basil everything he needed to know. He moved his head closer but not before nodding. Both teens' lips connected once more. Kim was shocked upon using her tongue to lick at Basil's closed lip. It tasted like fragrents. Moans filled the room as Kim straddled Basil's waist. A sudden muffled moan was heard from the flower boy, making Kim open an eye. Looking down, she smirked, even through the kiss. Basil had an erection. Moving her hand downwards, Kim began tugging at Basil's shorts. - Which came off easily. Basil broke the kiss, his face becoming redder by the second.

Basil: "K-K-Kim!"

He yelped out at the now slight breeze that flowed against his bare thighs. Kim's only reply was to push him on his back, her finger on his lips.

Kim: "Shhhhh. You don't need to worry about anything. Just let me do the work~"

Upon hearing her sweet candy-like voice, Basil couldn't say no. Kim took off her hoodie and her shirt along with it. Basil's eyes widened as he saw them. Kim's boobs. They were round, her nipple perky and decently sized. Kim leaned closer, giving him a better look at her orbs.

Kim: "You can touch them~ Don't be shy~"

With shaky hands, Basil began to feel the soft mounds of flesh on Kim's chest. The girl let out a moan as Basil's hands made contact with her breasts. The pleasure didn't stop Kim from undressing them further. Soon, Basil was naked and so was Kim. Basil's heart thundered as his cock twitched, as it stood erect. Kim used her middle and index finger to spread open her lower lips. - Giving Basil a nice view of her spread pussy. Kim swore that she saw Basil's head emit steam as his eyes became wider than dinner plates. Without warning, Basil's member was engulfed in a heat similar to a volcano. Kim let out a scream as Basil entered her. Both of them took some time before they could even begin to move. - Once they did, Kim rode Basil like he was toy. Basil's mind was in a haze. - Everything was cloudy as the feeling of pleasure from being inside Kim, overpowered every other senses. Kim didn't know it would feel THIS good! Her body carried her through lust alone when her strength began leaving her.

Kim didn't know just how long had passed when they started but she didn't care. Sweat slid down her body and dripped onto Basil's exposed chest. Basil himself was breathing heavily. - Arms at his sides as he remained still for Kim. Both of their moans began to become a higher pitch when something began to build up in their groins. Kim's body began to shake from said feeling. As if on instinct, she began picking up speed. Basil however. - He suddenly sat up and wrapped his arms around Kim's naked body. His eyes were closed as he thrust his hips upwards into her love tunnel. Kim shrieked out in pure pleasure as her walls tightened around Basil's rock-hard rock. The flower boy himself couldn't take it and climaxed. His seed flowing into Kim as she milked him. As the orgasm hit their senses, both of them could only hear a white noise. Nothing existed apart from the other person for them. Prying open his eyes, he met with Kim's hazel orbs. Both teens' hearts beat in sync. Their bodies and minds as one for just a brief moment, before the their climaxes dying down, brought them back to reality.

Once it was over, both Kim and Basil were left panting for air from over exhaustion. Wordlessly, they feel onto Basil's soft bed, as they each held one another tightly. Their foreheads laid against each other as their eyes closed. For the first time in a long while... Basil smiled brightly. Everything was going to be okay.
