You're in a typical, nice little town. Y'know, the kind of town you'd expect something bad to happen to in the beginning of an RPG. It's fantasy-esque yet oddly modern, having all kinds of amenities 'n shit.

You're getting ready to do some quests and shit, and look very prepared to do so! You're wearing pretty light armor to cover what's needed yet not weigh you down. Your weapon of choice is a typical rookie's sword: A wooden blade with a sturdy, carbon-enforced core. You can't wait to get a better weapon.

Anyway, you walk out of the motel after having a quick rest and walk to the Questing Bureau, a place where adventurers go to get and perform quests! You're still a rookie, so quests are a little on the easy side. You've been wanting a partner for quite some time, but everyone is either taken or are complete ass.

You walk in to see a tall figure in a seat, presumably signing up in order to actually do some quests. He looks to be a rather brown cobra with a hood on his long neck that almost looks like an extra pair of eyes. He's wearing a long, dark blue robe with a matching pointy hat that casts a shade on his face.

He's just finished his paperwork it seems! You walk up next to him nonchalantly and give a hello.

He responds with a quiet "...Hey?" as he flicks his tounge at you in typical snake fashion.

You try to act cool and say you noticed he's a beginner and wouldn't mind showing him the ropes. You lean against the wall and do the Dreamworks face.

"Really? I don't know, I feel like I may be a bit of a burden though..."

His voice is soft and he has a notable lisp. And you notice he's wearing a large, circular pair of glasses. You assure him he'll do great and ask him what's his expertise.

"Magic and healing, I'm pretty mediocre at both though..."

"O-Oh, and my name's Abel. A bit ironic, huh?" He flashes a small smile and adjusts his glasses. 

You introduce yourself.

"Anon, hmm? That's a pretty common name. A-Anyway, so I guess we're partners now, huh?" He cocks his head to the side a bit while asking the question and flicks his tongue.

Abel joins the team! Cue the fanfare!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAnqXKz3fe0

After that moment of fanfare you two mull over what kinds of quests you two should do.

You ask him what he thinks about "Grab treasure from Death Cavern"
"No"
"Kill aristocratic skeletons"?
"...No"
"Kill an eldritch horror"?
"Dude, I thought these were rookie quests. Hey, how's this sound?
You grab the envelope containing the quest. "Kill 5 green slimes in Fun Forest" You audibly groan before agreeing to do so.

You two trek the short distance and make small talk. Turns out Abel he lives alone in a pretty big house with a HUGE basement library, reading is a hobby of his. You ask him what his favorite genre is.

"W-Well, other than magic texts I like romance of a certain ki-" He immediately stops himself before outing the fact that he likes homoerotic romance novels.

Huh.

After a while you two arrive at Fun Forest and find a green slime. Hard not to. Fucking common low-EXP encounters. You tell him to try some of that magic of his.

"You sure? I might screw it up..."

Timidly, he grabs a book from his convenient travelling bag and begins reading the strange contents of it. His eyes and the "eyes" on his hood glow before he launches an incredible blast of fire at the slime.

It was obliterated, you stand there with your mouth agape before looking towards Abel, who was blown back a bit after using that spell.

"Did I get it?"

You excitedly tell him he did, and his face lights up! He looks incredibly happy, like all that self-doubt went away for a bit. You two thrash the next few slimes and go back to the Questing Bureau.

Your reward for such a quest?
A... coffee mug with a smiley face.

Are you fucking serious
Abel looks ecstatic though, saying he'll treasure it. 

SMILEY MUG has been added to Abel's KEY ITEMS.

Abel looks towards you with a smile on his face and a flick of his tounge.
"That was pretty fun. I wouldn't mind doing that again sometime!"

You take a quick note of his posture. He keeps his legs rather close together and although he's quite tall, it's like he's trying to take up as little space as possible. It's actually pretty cute.

When you two walk out he asks an... interesting question.

"Say... Are you going anywhere tonight?"

What

"Umm... I... I was just wondering if you would like to stay at my place tonight. I mean if you don't that's fineIjustgetabitlonelyy'knowandIkindalikeyoualreadyand..." He continues audibly regretting his previous question before you stop him with one word.

Sure.

"Wait... Really?!"

Yep.

It almost seems like he was about to grab your hand before quickly stopping himself. But when you two walk to his house, he sticks oddly close to you.

It's not long before you two arrive at his place. His house is rather hidden from the rest of the town and is guarded by a large fence and gate.

"Here it is! ...Um... Now's your chance to say you have something to do and leave. I won't mind."

Spend the night with Abel?
[Yes] No

"...You sure?"

[Yes] No

"...Are you just rapidly skipping dialogue?"

Yes [No]

"Oh, o-ok."

You both walk into his house and he takes off his big hate and robe. Before you flip out about whether or not he's wearing anything under that robe you find out that fear was quickly quelled.

He's wearing some awfully short shorts and a shirt that doesn't even cover his tummy. You dismiss his girlish clothing as something thin to wear under a hot robe. You secretly wish he was wearing less under it. For such a thin guy, he's got some notably wide hips.

"So... W-What do you think?"

You're not sure whether he's talking about his house or his looks. 

You say it looks great.

"Heheh... Thanks... It took a lot of work to get this place back in shape. Oh! I forgot to tell you! This place was originally a somewhat old mansion that was spruced up and outfitted with modern amenities. So... yeah."

Neat.

"A-Anyway, do you mind if I get cleaned up a-and stuff? You can look around and get a snack if you want..."

[Yes] No

"Alrighty, I'll be back in a bit!"

He rushes upstairs and you accidentally (wink wink) get a glimpse of his butt. To put it bluntly: He thicc.

Now to find that one interactable thing that advances the plot.

You walk around Abel's house and really get a feel for how big it is. The foyer is huge and has a large TV near a wall. There's a cabinet under it containing all manners of vidya. You stop by the kitchen to grab a snack. You get an ice cream sandwich and continue exploring around.

Meanwhile, Abel heads to the bathroom, locks the door, turns on the shower, and strips out of the clothes he's been wearing all day. He walks in and begins his daily session of self-deprecation.

"God I'm an idiot... I just met the guy! I shouldn't have invited him over so quickly... I mean... He does seem to like me but still! I could've at least given it a week but NOOOOO, I had to think with my dick..."
"...I can't believe I've already fallen for someone I just met..."

While Abel's mulling over how much of an idiot he is and rubbing one out, you decide to see what's in the basement. Much to your surprise, you find a pretty fuckin' big library. You also notice a pretty nice-looking gaming PC. You almost consider checking it out but decide not to. He probably wouldn't take you looking through his porn folders very kindly. Or maybe he wouldn't mind I dunno.

The various magic texts catch your interest though you aren't able to read them.
A bit of snooping around leads to you... gay erotica?

You grab one of the books.

"Hell's Angel"
By Abel Plissken

Nani 


You figure Abel will probably take a while so you sit down in a chair and begin reading. The book's about a human who summons a demon and they become bfs. Abel's a pretty damn good writer, he's particularly adept at describing lewd scenes in... detail.

You get so caught up in your reading that you don't hear the shower turn off. Abel realizes he may have kept you waiting WAY too long and hurriedly dries off and slips on some panties, leggings, and a really long t-shirt. He walks down the stairs to see you hooked on a book.

"O-Oh, hey Anon! I see you've found my little library... Say, what're you readi-"

He notices the title page and starts blushing.

"Um... Y-You're reading my book, huh?"
He nervously twiddles his fingers. The one thing he DIDN'T expect to happen tonight is for you to read his work.

You casually say it's pretty good.

"...Eh? Really?"

Yeah.

"Y-You can totally keep it if you want, free of c-charge!"

ABEL'S BOOK has been added to your ITEMS.

You shower (it was cold) and only now realize you forgot to pack extra clothes.

"Oh... Guess I grabbed you a bit too quickly, huh? Y-You can wear something of mine if you want... I think we're the same size.

You two aren't. His clothes are a little big on you, but you appreciate the kind gesture anyways. His shirt kinda smells like him.

"So... You wanna, like, play video games or something?"

It's been scientifically proven that vidya makes nights with cute boys better. You two play various Mario Party games and get mad at eachother. He's always either Wario or Waluigi by the way.

You both notice it's late and you plan on leaving before Abel stops you.

"Um... You can s-stay here tonight if you want... I have a guest room."

He gets your bed straight and bids you goodnight. You strip down to your (er, his) underwear and get in bed. It's very comfy and you fall asleep pretty quickly.

Oh, by the way, Abel sleeps in his birthday suit. 

After a good night's rest and saving your game, you throw on your (Abel's) clothes and quietly walk to Abel's room and see if he's awake. You open the door to find he's still fast asleep and cuddling a pillow. You're pretty damn sure he's naked, though he's holding the pillow so close you can't see any of his naughty bits.

You almost audibly "Aww". You find this really cute for some reason.

You decide to let him sleep. You walk down the stairs and play some vidya for a bit before Abel shows up. He's only wearing a long t-shirt and some underwear that looks suspiciously like yours. He lets out a BIG yawn, showing off those big 'ol fangs before saying,

"Mmh... Good morning, Anon." He adjusts his glasses a bit, "How'd you sleep?"

Good.

"Ah... Good to hear." He lays down near you on the couch, his snoot is dangerously close to your lap, "Want me t-to make you some breakfast or something?"

[Yes] No

"...Boop me first."

What

"C'mon, boop me. Right here!" He points to his snoot.

Ooookay?
You give his snoot a boop, and he responds with a smile and a flick of the tounge.

"Alrighty! Lemme get started..."

You walk over to the kitchen to see him cooking a pancake... Without even using the oven! He's using his fire magic instead! After a bit he sets down some fluffy pancakes. You two chow down fore a while, then Abel says something... Interesting.

"Say, Anon, can I ask you something?"

Sure

"W-Where do you live? Um... J-Just wondering."

A motel.

"A motel? ...Hmm... Do you... Do you by any chance want to live with me? I-I mean here certainly seens better than a motel a-andmaybewecouldbelikeroomatesorsomethingImeanImreallystartingtolikeyouandIthinkitwouldjustbeniceand..."

You're actually pretty happy he asked you that, you really were tired of that motel. You tell him yes in a pretty excited tone.

"R-Really?!"
You nod.

Abel almost immediately gets up and gives you a big hug.

Clearly he doesn't get visitors often. 


After a bit Abel breaks the hug. He looks at you with a bit of a blush.

"U-Umm... S-Sorry about that. I just got a bit excited."

You tell him it's fine, dudes hug too after all. Though you do tell him you have a question to ask.

"Yes?"

You ask him why he's wearing your underwear.

"......"
"I... didn't realize they were yours when I took them out of the washer. They're really comfy though! (I actually didn't wash them. They smelled too nice...)."

Fair enough. Let's check "clothes trading" off the roomates list. You then ask him if he's ready to do some quests.

"Of course!" You can tell from his voice alone that he's a lot more confident than when you first met him.

You throw on your armor and grab your trusty sword and Abel grabs some of his spellbooks and slips on his robe and hat. You notice he's shed the shirt though.

You notice he's wanting to do some of the more dangerous quests like "Teach a squad of quirky minibosses a lesson" or "Thrash a bunch of clowns' asses". You both decide on "Defeat troublesome specters in a bakery".

You two enter the bakery and are greeted with typical quirky RPG enemies, like cupcake mimics with sprinkles for teeth, slimes disguised as jelly, smiley mugs that dump coffee on their victims, ect.

You learn Abel can use ice and lightning magic too! He's fryin' and freezin' sentient desserts with little issue. He's surprisingly good at healing too! You take a few injuries, being a sword user and all. Though... he gets a little touchy-feely when he is healing you. He says it works better this way but the way he's caressing you may say something different.

...Anyway, after defeating a cake boss and grabbing some non-sentient sweets for the trip, you two head home.

Your reward for the job well done is some food, a bunch of money, and another fucking mug. Apparently these smiley mugs are a trademark of this bakery.

"Woah, thanks! And... uh... thanks?"


You and Abel go your separate ways for a bit. You head to the motel and pack up your stuff while Abel... Does something a bit different. He heads home and makes sure to lock the doors. He takes off his hat and robe, revealing all he wore was your underwear! He strips down further to complete nudity and takes a whiff (with his tounge, mind you) of your undies. It smells like a heavenly mixture of your and his musk, they're a bit damp too. He walks up the stairs to his room to get rid of some... tension. He's already hard by the time he gets to the room.

Oh, I should probably talk about his genitals now. His dick is actually pretty normal-sized. It's humanoid and the head is covered with a decent amount of foreskin even when he's hard. His balls are really big, like, bigger than his cock. Not only that, but they're his weak spot (ATTACK IT FOR MASSIVE DAMAGE). He melts when his balls are played with. Furthermore, they're usually pretty sweaty and musky, as well as saggy! Oh, and he tends to spurt pre a lot, a common feature of characters I make.

He puts your underwear to his snoot and his hand shivers (He shivers a lot when he's horny) as he begins to play with his foreskin, stretching it and sticking his finder town there and circling it around the tip, lubing his finger up. He begins pumping his cock and lubing it up with his pre. He gets into a bit of a daze as he jerks off. His hefty balls bounce up and down and his cock starts spurting pre on his tum and chest, he's getting close.

With a moan, he takes one last whiff of your underwear as he cums, shooting at least 8 shots before his orgasm starts to die down. He lies down shivering, panting, covered in cum and sweat. Before he snaps out of his afterglow, he suddenly hears the doorbell ring.

"O-Oh fuck..."

Abel panics and decides to consult magic to get rid of his mess. He uses some teleportation spell to clean up the mess. He really doesn't care WHERE his spunk is teleported to, as long as it's gone.

"Th-That takes care of that..."

He gets up from the bed only to nearly fall over, his legs are weak and shaky. When he nuts it really takes a lot out of him. He hides your undies under the bed and throws on a pair of particularly cute panties. He slowly walk down the stairs and opens the door.

"S-S-Sorry about that, d-did you w-wait long?"

You tell him you only recently got here.
You notice something's up. Abel's face is beet-red and his breathing is shaky. He's shivering yet sweating. You decide to dismiss that and carry your bags to the guest room with the help of Abel. You unpack and change into comfy clothes.

"I-I guess we're officially living together n-now, huh? ...Sooo... What do you wanna do?"

Vidya

"G-Good choice."

You two decide to hit up the Gamecube era and play some of the games it has to offer. Pikmin 2, Pokemon, Mario Kart Double Dash (best mario kart btw), etc... Abel sits pretty close to you, like, your thighs are touching. He... also smells a bit wierd yet strangely good?

After a while Abel cooks up some dinner for the both of you. As you two eat you notice he's looking sorta lost in thought. Finally, he speaks up.

"A-Anon, can I ask you something wierd?"

Sure.

He adjusts his glasses and clears his throat,
"Do you... Do you wanna g-go on a date sometime?"

You're caught off guard by the question and how unusually blunt he was, but at the same time you've been wanting this too.

Go on a date with Abel?
[Yes] Yes

You say yes to Abel's request. His response is nothing but pure joy. You have a bit more freedom with your compliments now, and so you tell him he looks really cute when he's happy.

"Aww... Thanks..."
"Um, so, do you know where we're gonna go? I-I mean there are a few places around... Or we could always just stay here... Ooh! O-Or maybe we could go see a movie then eat somehere!"

You decide on that.

"Alrighty! There's a horror movie showing tomorrow, I heard it's pretty good."

The next day, you two get ready to see said horror movie. You put on some decent clothes and so does Abel, though Abel still wears his usual robe, it looks classy on him.

You learn something about Abel today, he scares very easily. He held on to you very closely the entire movie. Hell, he's STILL holding on to you after the movie's over. You two stop at a pretty decent restaurant and get a bite to eat. You almost consider kissing him but this is a public place, people wouldn't take two dudes kissing too kindly, you two do the whole "footsies under the table" thing though.

Anyway, after a nice walk through town you head home and throw on some more comfy clothes. As usual, Abel's doing his "long shirt, no pants" thing. You two sit on the couch, and you go in for the kill...

...Except Abel beat you to the punch! The moment you turn your head he kisses you! He's a horrible kisser, by the way, but he tries his best which arguably makes things cuter. You two make out for a while and get into a bit of a daze. He's laying on top of you and as you're making out with him he's cuddling you. I should also mention your junk is rubbing together with his. Eventually you both break the kiss, Abel makes a pretty cute sound, though it almost sounds like a... moan? You and Abel still cuddle for a while.

"Mmh... U-Um... I've never really kissed anyone before... How'd I do?"

You tell him he did pretty good.

"Huh, t-thanks." He rests his head on you, "Do... Do you wanna g-go a bit further with this? Like... y'know..."

[Yes] No

"O-Okay... Just so you k-know, I'm not good at this kinda stuff..."

You tell him not to worry about it. He's pretty nervous about this, clearly he's never done anything quite like this before. You two sit up and you as you tell him you know how to calm him down, you give him a boop on the snoot.

"Hmm? W-What do you have in mind?"
You tell him to strip down as you remove your shirt.
"O-Ok."

He nervously take off his shirt, as he begins to take off his underwear, you notice his hands are shaking. He slowly slides them down, revealing his copiously foreskinned, half-hard cock and big, hefty, saggy balls. You kneel down in front of his junk and immediately the smell of his musk assaults your nose.

"Ah... W-What are you doing?"

You take a good look at his junk, before you know it, your face meets his balls as you take a nice, long whiff of his musk.

"B-But they're really sweaty! And they smell..."
You give him a thumbs-up.
"Wait, you l-like that?"
You give his balls a lick, his cock throbs and spurts a little bit, some pre drips out.
"O-Oh! Um... C-Could you please do that some more?"

You tell him you're gonna clean the sweat of his balls, just hearing that gets him a bit riled up. You start going to town, cleaning every inch of his balls. Abel's cock keeps throbbing and spuriting pre, getting some on his balls, adding to the flavor. He's really starting to get into it, sometimes without warning his puts his feet to the back of your head and shoves your face into the scrotum and forces you to take particularly big whiffs of his musk. You occasionally suck on his balls and take a lil' nip on the scrotum, sometimes sucking of that too! You look up and notice his cock is leaking pre like crazy.

"C-Could you take care of that?"


You nod and lap up some of the pre on his cock. Then, you stick your tounge in his foreskin and lick up all the pre in there before teasing his cock with your tounge, causing him to spurt more! You get a brilliant idea. You stand up and take your pants off, you let Abel look at your dick for a bit before you begin frotting. His shaky hand holds yours for a bit. His pre lubes your cock up and you ask him if he's ready.

"Ready for w-what?"

You think of a sex position he might handle, you decide to go with the classic missionary position. You both get into position and you ask him again if he's ready.

"...Yes. B-But be gent-... N-No, go as rough as you w-want."

Your cock pushes against his tight hole, you tell him to relax some more, which gives you a better shot at fucking him. Eventually, your cock slides in, eliciting a moan and a spurt of pre from Abel. You start off with slow thrusts just to get him used to it until Abel surprises you by saying,

"Hah... H-Harder!"

He doesn't seem like the kind of person to say something like that. You pick up the pace, it seems like with every thrust he spurts more pre on his tum. You ask him if he's getting close as you thrust deeper.

"Ah... AH!"
You're pretty sure you just hit the sweet spot.
"I-If you k-keep up like t-that, NGH! I-It won't be long before I cum. Nfff..."

You keep going like you're going, thrusting hard, fast, and deep. Meanwhile Abel's cock just keep spurting pre and he's continually moaning, he's pretty vocal. You tell him you're getting kinda close, seems like he is too. You continue for a bit 'till Abel shouts,

"F-FUCK!"

You're surprised to hear Abel swear, though your surprise is cut short by his next statement.

"I-I'm g-gonna cum!

You announce you're gonna blow too. You give him one more thrust and Abel wraps his arms around you. You pump your load into his ass as his cock throbs and shoots ropes of cum on you and him. Eventually, your orgasms dies down and you cuddle.

You and Abel eventually get out of your afterglow. You feel relatively find, but poor Abel is really weak. You ask him what's up.

"I... I dunno... I-I always get r-really weak after I cum..."

He tries to get up only for his legs to feel like jelly. He holds a quivering hand up and says,

"Though... Normally I don't feel THIS weak after cumming... D-Do you mind carrying me up? I-I'm really light..."

You oblige and pick him up, carrying him up the stairs and into the shower. You help him out with washing off the cum, and as much as you wanna keep playing with his balls you decide against it. You then dry him off even though at this point he can actually do it himself. You forego putting clothes on him, he looks much cuter nude.

You carry Abel to his room and put him in bed. You get in bed with him and tell him goodnight and that you love him.

"G-G'night... Love you too..."

You and Abel embrace, and before you know it you're asleep.

Save your game?
