Is it ok to fantasize about Pink Cat being a counselor for a children's summer camp and since she loves kids so much she ends up getting taken advantage of by the young boys who get their first erection because of her?

I think Pink Cat is probably too naturally sexy for her own good and even if her intentions are completely pure and she wants to protect the young boys they're too spry and impressionable and she will end up having to deal with them asking why their peepee is so hard. She'll have to explain what an erection is as gently as possible and eventually she'll have to help it go away cause it's so hard it hurts and she can smell the precum leaking from all the boys. When the first boy she helps tells everyone about it all of them will start to get curious and Pink Cat will be swamped with little boys with erections so hard they hurt.

Pink Cat will lay awake at night after jacking off those first few boys. Thoughts swirling around in her head, wondering if what she did was shameful or if it's just a part of the nurturing process. Pink Cat adores kids, she wants them to grow big and strong and you can't grow big and strong when you're stressed out about why your peepee hurts. The feelings of pride mix with the realization of what she's done and it turns to humiliation in hindsight. Before she knows it, Pink Cat has already stuck her hand under her soaked panties and thoughts of guilt and humility have already been overtaken by fantasies of how she'll get to spoil her boys tomorrow. She misses them already and it's only been a couple hours since dinner, maybe it's the heat or maybe she's finally lost it. Realizing far too late to turn back, Pink Cat will catch herself in the laundry room, sniffing her boys unwashed underwear like a rabid animal hoping to find that musky precum stain. Luckily for her, nearly every single pair feels crusty and smells musty, the fact that so many of her boys are clearly leaking just from being around her sends her completely over the edge. Pink Cat can't help but feel a little sadistic after knowing just how much power she wields.

As the days go on they'll keep asking for her to jerk them off again and the smell of fresh young semen will awaken something in her. Pink Cat will slowly go completely power crazy over the sway she has over these young boys and their buddings sexuality. She will begin intentionally teasing them, flashing her cute tight butt, just begging them to assault her so she can let them unload all their hot strong sperm inside to crowd her weak old eggs. Pink cat with her tight skinny body and beautiful calming voice will undoubtably influence these boys preferences in women to their core, their entire concept of the "perfect girl" will be irreperably shaped by Pink Cat. These boys haven't even cum before, they've been incubating that semen for 7 or 8 years and Pink Cat will be the sole reason to break that streak and take their first ejaculation.

The boys will spread stories among themselves about how they got to see Pink Cats boobies and when she comes out for swim practice wearing a tight competition one piece all the boys will put their hands over their pants and some of them who haven't gotten their first ejaculation might even buckle and fall over. As Pink Cat surveys the boys all lined up and trying their hardest to hide the precum soaking their swim trunks, she won't be able to help herself from flaunting her body and acting like she doesn't notice her own nipples are getting harder with her arousal. The boys will squeal and moan and their tiny penises will twitch and shake as they go weak in the knees just from accidentally seeing Pink Cat undressing after a long day. She will begin to take immense pride in that.

Over the next few weeks these boys will become her biggest fans and she theirs. Every day will begin with a cheerful announcement of today's camp activities, and every day the activities will eventually be derailed by the rampant and intense sexual teasing Pink Cat will inflict upon these young boys. It won't be long until Pink Cat is showing up at their tents in the morning wearing nothing but a sports bra and hotpants, just so she can smell the leakage from these boys having wet dreams about her, the only girl they've ever felt something like this for. She will learn their fetishes and interests and her greatest joy will be watching their shorts tighten around their erections and biding her time until they're weak in the knees and leaking enough precum to stain their undies.

When Pink Cat finally gives in and lets the boys ravage her like animals she won't give them any instructions, the boys will thrust and creampie her with the maximum force possible and they'll be working on absolutely raw instinct. There's nothing quite like watching a boy sacrifice his innocence to Pink Cat, she can't even begin to describe how big of a rush it is, in her memory there is no verbal descriptor, just raw emotions. It's not corruption because what these boys feel is pure and true but it's definitely something; especially with how attached to Pink Cat the boys will get after just one orgasm. Pink Cat really did just want to help, but something about having a herd of young boys follow her around like little soldiers, always beaming her with their innocent eyes and telling her that they love Pink Cat, there's a certain magic to it.

As the boys get more experience in relieving themselves with Pink Cat's help, they start to learn when to approach her for the highest chance of lovemaking. Pink Cat has made sure to teach them that what they're doing is making love, this isn't just sex it's about connection. The connection between dozens of plucky young lads and their too-caring-for-her-own-good ruler, Pink Cat. Eventually, due to the constant stream of young cum and how frequently Pink Cat seems to lose track of time when she's getting kissed and licked and creampied by boys working on pure intuition (she can't help herself but to tell some of them "they're a natural" after they try to assert themselves over the counselor who's twice their size), a schedule had to be made and followed so as to keep the camp activities separate from Pink Cat's personal feasting time. The lucky ones will have their morning wood treated by feral animalistic sex and their stories will spread to the less fortunate by lunch, only further brewing the desires of everyone in her troupe. Early morning Pink Cat is still a bit groggy and not particularly prone to being gentle, her roughness and unfiltered comments make for quite a few extravagant tales. By afternoon all the boys who heard about the morning mating will be so ready for their turn that just walking behind Pink Cat and seeing her cute butt swaying Infront of them will be enough stimulation that if they weren't allowed to take their pants off and let their cute little cocks hang out, the rubbing against their clothing would've been enough to make them cum on the spot.

Hiking is a serious issue for Pink Cat and her troupe. After a long enough time just walking behind the absolute tease that is their counselor, obviously they'll start leaking. The erections were to be expected, they know that those will be cured eventually, but the precum that leaks presents some trouble. In a forest setting there are thousands of creatures attracted to strong pheromones and dense nutrients, and the clear sticky substance that constantly oozes out of every lad under Pink Cat's rule is prime fodder. It usually happens after about an hour of walking, the first camper will raise his hand and call out, "Mrs. Pink Cat! My penis is getting wet! The ants!" This will prompt Pink Cat to question the rest of the troop if anyone else's undies are starting to moisten. It's no shame, it happens to everyone. The boys with undies wet enough to smell will strip naked and carry their clothing in a plastic bag to make sure the bugs aren't attracted to them. Occasionally Pink Cat will find a cool landmark along the trail, like a rope swing near the river she told everyone to pack for. She slings off her backpack and strips to reveal her swimsuit that she was wearing the whole time, does a cute little dance and swings straight into the river. The slight jiggle of her butt and the happy noises she makes will engrain themselves into the boys like a tumor, and that landmark will be unusable tomorrow as the whole area will be covered in a thick layer of ants.

The afternoon sex is obviously equally feral as the morning, but also much more cream will be put in the pie. The afternoon round has had more time for their short refactory periods to swell their aching balls with fresh semen. After a little more than a dozen boys Pink Cat will realize that the sheer amount of cum being put inside her is nearly double that of the morning, she ponders teasing the boys even longer but soon gives into her own desires and decides to keep the sex at every part of the day. It's healthier for them, and too much cum might make her tired. Punishment isn't necessary anyways when these boys already adore her, they'll keep their behavior in check when she asks. Plus, Pink Cat can't bare the thought of being the cause for discomfort for any of these sweet young boys. It's her responsibility to make their summer safe and fun and by golly she will do her job.

After dinnertime will be the biggest group, several dozen spry young boys will crown pink cat all at once as she lies spread eagle on the picnic table and lets everyone have their fill. They waited the longest, it serves to reason they get to take the longest. Only one or two at a time, she can't offer words of encouragement with too many cocks to keep track of and she can only hug one in each arm. The lovemaking is sweet and saccharine, all is right in the world when Pink Cat is with these boys. Despite the after dinner group taking hours to get through Pink Cat never grows tired to hugging a young boy close and whispering that he's doing great as his cute little load gets added to her bloated womb. She may tease them constantly, but they all know that deep down she does it because she loves them. Some boys who have already recovered from the morning round get to join in if they completed their activity report early, they deserve a little extra.

By the end of dinnertime nearly every boy in Pink Cats troupe will have either made love to Pink Cat at least once, Pink Cat herself will just barely be able to stand. The actual physical activity may be tiring, but recieving those boys' emotions in their purest form gives her energy. They truly love her in only the way a child can, and she simply can't get enough of it. The after-dinner showers are the only time she'll have to rest between recieving loads of fresh young semen and incubating it during camp activities. Pink Cat will stare at her bloated belly in the bathroom mirror every night, sometimes puffing it out to imagine herself pregnant. It's charming, it's calming even, to have such solid proof that those boys truly love her. She never taught them about giving creampies or even which hole to put it in, they figured that out all on their own, out of love. The slight pudge in her abdomen is proof of that. She'll sit in the shower, stroking her belly, debating weather to watsh the precum out of her soft pink hair or to smell it just a bit longer. Pink Cat treasures the quiet afterglow almost as much as the lovemaking itself. It will eventually become tradition for her after every dinner to take a slefie, documenting her experiences with true love.

The sex will become increasingly flagrant and they will eventually move from the camp and hidden enclaves to outright creampies on the hiking trail and group trips to the boys bathroom that end in Pink Cat needing to seal up her pussy and asshole with tape to keep that valuable virile sperm she treasures so much from leaking out. Pink Cat has been theroughly intoxicated with both the power and emotion that come from being these boys first love. The schedule obviously still must be followed, but the schedule only lists activities to do, and if the boys manage to get their work done fast they'll have plenty of free time. With such powerful motivation, Pink Cat and her troupe absolutely demolish every other counselor and their teams in every camp wide competition. The boys are known theroughout the camp as the winning team, and from outside looking in, Pink Cat must be the best counselor in history with how much everyone in her group adores her. Obviously competition victories mean celebrations, and Pink Cat is always the life of the party. It might not mean much to Pink Cat, but for the boys, just seeing Pink Cat dress up in a frilly fairy dress and deliver them their prizes is more than enough. Sure the prizes themselves are just king size Kitkats, but seeing Pink Cat wearing something so frilly and girly compared to her normal hiking attire is worth its weight in gold. Some of the most impressionable might even fantasize that it's a wedding dress.

Speaking of fantasies, it seems that every day these boys produce more and more semen, but maybe it's just that every day has more sex happening. The first group orgy Pink Cat had with her boys was only 4 at a time, and she could handle all of them perfectly fine but had to coordinate them to dole out encouragement effectively. However by the end of summer, she will be getting creampied by every single boy under her command. By then they've been given designated roles and their confidence is high enough that they don't need constant hugs and reassuring words to please Pink Cat. They take their position like an organized battallion and Pink Cat just gives them gentle pointers. Every morning she will look forward to feeling their erect lovestruck cocks twitch inside her pussy and every night she will feel her semen bloated womb and be satisfied with her work. Pink Cat has this whole thing down to a science, she's instilled not just order and responsiblity, but self confidence, and proactivity into these boys. They aren't afraid to take the lead anymore, they're the big and strong kids she always dreamed they'd grow up to be.

The summer camp ends with a group photo where all the young boys crowd around Pink Cat cause she's their favorite counselor and a few rub her extremely bloated belly and the movie ends in a montage of photos from the best summer ever. It's a time lapse where the boys get more and more confident and Pink Cats gets gradually sluttier like it starts out with Pink Cat embarrassingly jerking off one of the boys then a few photos later she's sucking one of their tiny cute penises while the boy winces then a few photos later she's having sex in the missionary position then a few photos later she's laying on a dogpile of a dozen young boys giving a peace sign as their erections touch her body all over and wipe precum along her skin like paint, then a few photos later she's getting rammed from behind on a trail and the last photo is her and all the boys completely naked while cum drips down her legs and a hand written note appears onscreen from her camp kids that says "Thanks for the best summer ever!" with a bunch of hand drawn hearts and a signature from every single one of the 48 boys she counseled for?