Golden beams drape along the walls, casting the room in a soft, warm light. Silence, save for the calls of birds outside, blankets the various cages of the room. It must be morning; you haven’t been here long, maybe a night or two, but you already know the routine. Your hostess- your date a couple nights prior- should be here any second. Distant thumps growing in intensity let you know she’s on her way- a frightening promptness in her gait.

Those in the cages that weren’t already wide eyed and trembling are jolted awake by the sudden swing of the door; the towering picture of femininity- or she would be, if you were anything even close to her height- pads in, stark naked. Hundreds of tiny eyes watch her form, already sporting her terrifying monster of an erection, as she closes the door behind her, and smirks as she turns to survey her playthings. By normal standards, she’s short- petite, even. She has a svelte, elegant form that leaves little to the imagination- characteristic of creatures usually covered in vibrant feathers, and Maggie (that’s her name- you thought it cute when you met her) is no exception. Now however, her form takes on another tone entirely from your diminutive standpoint. She’s a monster- a kaiju sized terror to the souls she toys with- and this morning it’s clear she has needs.

Her gaze makes its way along the various cages and jars, each with some trembling, cowering person- or persons- looking back. She strokes her pulsing shaft as she carefully considers who she’s going to ruin today. It doesn’t take long. Her eyes fall upon a red panda, hiding in a corner of one of the cages. Their eyes meet, and he practically yelps; he’s seen what she does. With a warm smile, she leans over and gingerly opens the cage door.

Every creature inside gives her carefully manicured hand a wide berth, pressing against the bars, some simply curled in the fetal position as she reaches in, and plucks the red and white former date with two taloned fingers. He squeals and struggles as he’s lifted. Her smile twists into a sadistic smirk: exactly the reaction she adores.

She sets herself down on the floor, propping herself against the far wall, in full view of every cage; this bird loves an audience. She spreads her legs as she dangles the little struggling panda in front of her face, eyes locked with his. Her voice is smooth and melodic, “Good boy- struggle just like that for me, I like my toys to have vigor,” she coos, before lowering the terrified micro to her awaiting erection. Being a bird, she’s endowed with a penis that’s more muscle than it is anything else, tapered in form and snakelike in its flexibility. It coils itself around the tiny redpan as he struggles and cries- the bird simply relaxing against the wall and letting her erection do all the work. She lets out a soft moan- it’d be cute, were she not constricting a man half to death while doing so. “Nnh- just like that, especially the crying.” The kraken-like appendage wraps and coils and squeezes, eliciting terrified yelps from the poor micro, which in turn coax drops of pre from her tip. Sufficiently primed, the monstrous bird lets her appendage’s tip worm its way around the terrified panda. He yelps as he feels a pressure against his hind end, the tip trying to force its way in. He renews his struggles, and for a moment is relieved, as the pressure subsides and the tip of the girl’s cock moves elsewhere.

His reprieve is short lived, however, as the tapered, dripping tip rears itself up and finds his face. He screams in surprise, and it wastes no time stuffing his little mouth. The bird is outright blissful, loving the sensation of the tiny body struggling for all its might, and even its adorable bites against her tip, which threatens to stuff its way down the micro’s throat- before promptly making good on said threat. The poor man’s throat stretches, and it seems the room is filled with naught but the sound of a tiny jaw popping -cracking?- out of place, allowing for more of the appendage to force its way in. Through the blur of tears, the poor little panda pleadingly looks up at the bird- but she’s not looking at him. In fact, her eyes are closed, the edges of her smile curled up in the avian equivalent of biting one’s lower lip.

With a soft, almost cute moan, the bird lets go. The redpan feels the coiling monster around him stiffen, and then is inundated with a torrent of thick birdcum. It fills his throat, his belly- gushes out around his mouth and out his nose, even his tear ducts. The many pairs of eyes around the room stare in abject terror as the unlucky one gets filled and doused in the thick liquid, gush after gush as the bird has her first climax of the morning. When it finally subsides, she opens her eyes and looks down at her handiwork.

The panda lay limp in her member’s grasp, coated and bloated with bird cum, which also coats her belly and dribbles into a puddle on the floor. She lets out a soft giggle, and sighs. “Still alive down there?” It’s a question she already knows the answer to; she can tell he’s still breathing, weakly. “Good, I like resilient toys..” The girl picks herself up, plucking the dripping, barely conscious micro off her shaft and unceremoniously dropping him in the ‘used’ cage. “Survive again and you might deserve a name. I already have the perfect one for you, too. Sticky.”

With that, she rises and dusts herself off, her penis already receding back into its slit. She doesn’t bother cleaning up the puddle on the floor. She knows she’s going to make a much bigger mess before day’s end. She decides she needs a shower, breakfast, and of course, to make some room for new prey in her ‘play room’- and casually grabs a smaller-but-no-less-full cage by the handle on her way out.