# Plush Purple Poison Pillows

As a hunter, constantly moving around to see and help out in new locales was simply a fact of life, proven further when you received that missive from the guild to move to a village known as Kamura to assist with something called the "Rampage", a local phenomenon that they had apparently been tasked with fending off since the early days. Being new to the area and its customs, you had thankfully had an easy time fitting in thanks to the generosity of the villagers and their penchant for pitching in wherever help was needed. But even so, a new location was a new location, so after getting settled in your room, you'd started off by taking small, relatively low-risk quests to get a feel for the region and its monsters.

The most recent of these tasked you with driving off a Great Wroggi that had been causing some trouble - what kind of trouble, exactly, you weren't sure, as the client seemed strangely reluctant to divulge anything explaining why in their statement. But you weren't worried - you'd faced plenty of Great Wroggis before, and while the poison might be a severe annoyance, it was a non-issue with proper preparation. And this would also serve as a great chance to see how Kamura Wroggis differed from the ones in the rest of the Old World.

Some traveling later found you in the Flooded Forest, wading through the gently flowing shin-high water as you searched out your target. Thankfully, you never seemed to have to go far to find your targets in Kamura, and it wasn't long before you found the orange-colored monster of the hour trekking through a particularly swampy part of the forest, it's almost comically large and starkly purple poison sac sticking out against the dull greens and greys of the forest as some of its underlings lounge on some nearby patches of dry land. Drawing your weapon and mentally bracing yourself, you break into a charge towards the monster, which looks over in the direction of the loud splashing you were making and lets off an alerting cry to the others as it hunches into a fighting stance.

You decide to experimentally throw out one of your wirebugs, another gift from Kamura's inhabitants, hoping that closing the distance suddenly will let you catch it off guard and get the first hit in...but, as you soon found out, one thing you failed to account for with such a gutsy manuver was the amount of detritus in the swamp water. Your foot catches an upraised root hidden just below the surface as the wirebug draws you forward at high speed, causing you to flip head over heels and roughly tumble to a stop right at the foot of the large and mildly perplexed looking Great Wroggi.
Soaked, stunned, with your weapon having flown from your grip, you're helpless to defend yourself as the Great Wroggi opens its jaws with a hiss and darts forward, aggressively latching onto your face with its maw full of razor sharp teeth before you can recover, and you find yourself staring into the large, bright orange eye on the side of its head.

Before you can even get your hands up, you feel the Great Wroggi's massive poison sac - so large that it's pressed flush against your chest in this close proximity - flex hard, and a huge gush of what can only be the Wroggi's notorious liquid poison splashes into your mouth, quickly getting forced down your throat and hitting your stomach like a Tanzia Ale. With a muffled yell, you attempt to free yourself from the monster, but the grip it has on your face with its mouth, and on your shoulders with its strong foreclaws, prevents this handily. You quickly find yourself forced to swallow down even more of its liquid poison in some desperate attempt to keep it from going into your lungs, and to make matters worse, the smaller Wroggis were now in on the action, running up to the two of you and crowing loudly in your ears as they excitedly hop around their boss and what's quickly looking to be their latest catch.

You try desperately not to panic in the face of such strange, unexpected behavior from the Great Wroggi - you're running out of air, but if it lets you go soon enough, you could quickly scramble away and down an antidote (or three) to hopefully counteract the raw liquid poison filling your stomach. Thankfully, that moment comes sooner rather than later, when the Great Wroggi suddenly drops you back into the water with a splash, poisonous liquid residue dripping from both your mouths into the water, long strings of purple-tinged saliva still marginally connecting the two of you as you gasp and retch, scrambling away from the monsters while reflexively trying to wash the acrid taste out of your mouth with the swamp.

Strangely, they don't immediately attack like you're expecting, only choosing to follow closely and perhaps curiously, even as you pull yourself up onto some nearby dry-ish land. Spitting up some more of the Great Wroggi's poison, you try to fish around in your bag for one of your precious antidotes, already feeling some kind of tingling feeling in your body beginning to spread as the poison begins to take effect. Hoping the antidote will have the desired effect, you pull one out and move to yank the cork off.

Another loud hiss sounds behind you, and before you can react, a flashing orange-hued foreclaw belonging to the Great Wroggi smacks the bottle out of your hands, causing it to fly into the water and quickly be carried away by the current. To make matters worse, several of its underlings quickly move in to grab at your bag with their comparatively smaller digits and maws while you're distracted, tugging it free from you as their boss pins you down with a single large footclaw to keep you from interfering. 

Was the sadistic bastard really that intent on watching you succumb to the poison before eating you? Again, you found yourself helpless, unable to do anything but beat your fist against the monster's leg as you watched your bag get torn open by the smaller Wroggis that were proceeding to feast on your steaks and rations even as the other precious supplies spilled one by one into the water. The exertion from the act makes your heart race, and you could almost feel it making the poison course through your system, the tingling and numbness growing more intense by the second, the Great Wroggi tilting its head and staring into your eyes with an almost...expectant look? At least as close as as it could get to expectant with a monster face.

This was the end for you. It wouldn't be long before you passed out, you figured, which would be a mercy considering what would inevitably come next. What a way for your career to end. Any second now, you'd feel your heart begin to slow as darkness overtook you...

Except it didn't. If anything, it felt as you your heart was beginning to beat even faster, the sound of rushing blood beginning to pass through your ears. Your breath quickened in response to your body's sudden increased need for air, something that wasn't lost on the Great Wroggi as it let out a excited sound that you could almost swear sounded like some kind of triumphant cackle. Keeping it's large foot on you, it quickly reached down and hooked it's foreclaws through the waistband of your armor, taking a surprising amount of care not to scratch you as it additionally bit down and began to jerk and tear through it, dragging you around a bit.

Your attempts to stop it are in turn stopped by the sudden sensation of blood rushing to a very sensitive spot of yours. Combined with the friction of the Great Wroggi attempting to relieve you of your waist armor, your find your dick practically leaping to attention in an instant, immediately, painfully hard and straining to break free of its bonds, which the Great Wroggi does so with apparently glee, a loud tearing sound filling the air as your waist plate and a significant amount of your undergarments come free in its mouth and claws. Unleashed upon the world, your own little monster stands tall and proud in the face of overwhelming odds - if the half-dozen or so captivated gazes of the Great Wroggi's minions crowding around it, their hot breath washing over it and making it even more painfully hard, could be considered "overwhelming odds".

Your mind becoming clouded by your sudden and intense arousal, it dimly occurs to you what the true purpose of the Great Wroggi's poison was. Whether the Great Wroggi truly was something out of the ordinary, or it being a regional difference between Kamura's Great Wroggis and other ones in general, you didn't know, and you didn't have time to figure out which before the Great Wroggi tosses the shreds of your armor aside and lets off a warbling bark that makes its minions immediately back off from you, one of their tongues having only been an inch away from getting a taste for themselves. Stomping up to you, the Great Wroggi lowers its head and sniffs at your member, flushed red with veins pumping, precum already beading at its tip and looking like it was about to burst. With a satisfied snort, the hot air washing over it again almost making you cum then and there, the alpha proceeds to plop down right there in front of you, its girth causing a large splash in the shallow water. Shuffling itself forwards until its head was right in front of your dick, resting comfortably on its bulbous poison sac, it stares up at your face for a moment, its...admittedly rather cute hog-nosed expression seeming to ask, *"Oh, looks like you've got a problem there, big guy. Need some help with that?"*

Pushing itself up onto you with its strong, hefty legs, the poison sac around the Great Wroggi's neck slides over your oversensitive penis, causing you to let out a strained groan. In your hyper-aroused state, the smooth texture of the leathery, pliable hide has an extremely agreeable feel to it, and that's all you need for your load to blow immediately, a thick and powerful jet of cum squirting out from underneath it, getting all over the Wroggi's sac and your chest. The smaller Wroggis crow in unison over this in a clearly derisive-sounding fashion, even the Great Wroggi resting on your crotch letting off a what you could swear was some kind of monster version of a condescending chuckle. You feel the sex haze lift slightly in mild relief, but are only able to note with some concern that the burning arousal hasn't cooled at all, still strongly pulsing from your core and aphrodisiac-laden stomach.

Licking a bit of your spunk off of the parts of its sac that it could reach with its tongue before readjusting itself, the Great Wroggi brings its foreclaws up in between the two of you, and in a move you never would have expected from a feral monster, suddenly presses them against its bulbous sac, engulfing your dick within the bountiful, soft, purple squishiness as it began to slowly move its claws up and down to stroke you. As though reinvigorated, your dick is hard again almost immediately, the aphrodesiac poison apparently also having the effect of dramatically shortening your recharge period. But that pales in comparison to the fact that the Great Wroggi, which was looking like it was going to eat you moments ago, is now using its large poison sac to simulate a titjob from a generously endowed woman on you, and doing a shockingly good job at that.

The caress of the extremely smooth hide, made smoother by the generous amount of its contents and your cum lubricating things even further, is driving you absolutely wild. Slick squelching sounds fill the air alongside the sounds of running water, forest wildlife, and the cackling of the Great Wroggi's minions, their cute hog-nosed expression once again staring up at you from within the depths of the huge cum-smeared sac it was massaging you with, like it was laying on a plush, overstuffed pillow...a clear contrast to the monster's greedy nature as it jealously works your dick in an attempt to get to you cum again.

It isn't long before you feel an orgasm welling up again, and before you can even gasp at the Great Wroggi to slow down (not that it would likely do anything anyways), you fire off again, the aphrodisiac ensuring that the monster is able to make quick work of you with its relentless assault. The ropes of cum are angled straight up this time, painting their long snout and even more of their large sac with the white stuff, and you're rewarded with a brief pause as their mouth opens in an adorably triumphant, joyful expression, letting off another monster-like laugh before immediately going back to it, clearly having fun playing with their new hunter boy-toy and plainly being driven on by the mess they were making out of both of you.

No longer in any state to resist, and far, far past the point of no return, the only option that occurs to your lust-clouded mind is to just lean back and let it happen at this point. And as if to reward you for your submissiveness, the alpha lets off a cooing sound as it extends its long tongue and begins to lap at the head of your member poking up out of the bountiful softness, adding yet another layer of sensations to your already abused but still painfully aroused member. Purple streaks of residual poison mixed with its saliva are slathered across the surface of your member as the Great Wroggi coyly plays with you, the air smelling slightly acrid as it mixed, but nowhere near enough to temper your raging and still wholly unsatisfied libido.

Sensing that you're about to cum yet again, the Great Wroggi gives you one last long lick to push you over the edge before smoothly engulfing your member within its long maw in the same movement, gently holding it at the base between its fang teeth as it drives you on even harder. Groaning loudly, your libido leads you to bravely grab on to the back of its large head in order to drive yourself in as deep as you can, grinding your crotch against the Wroggi's flat hognose as you pump your heavy load into the back of their throat, like you were getting some kind of payback for the poison it had dumped down yours. Still, the Great Wroggi gulps it all down with obvious relish, and after releasing its head, you collapse onto your back as the alpha pulls away from you, strands of saliva, poison goop, and now cum dripping from both of you as you catch your respective breaths. Licking its chops like a Felyne that had just finished a gorging itself on a Glutton Tuna, and smugly staring over the sweat-drenched mess it's made of you, it lets off another warbling bark to its minions still nearby, lounging around as they watched the show but now leaping back to attention at her cry. Moving in together, you find yourself assailed from all side as the rest of the pack begins to work on you themselves, several of their greedier members immediately starting to the cum off your only mildly softened member and the still-intact chestpiece of your armor, while others attend to their alpha, gleefully licking your essence off their sac and face with gusto.

The haze having lifted a bit more, you only just now realize just how hot and sweaty you are from all the exertion, and with one of your most precious body parts still miraculously intact after being exposed to the Wroggi pack, you figure at this point it couldn't make things any worse to expose a little more in order to cool off and maybe fight off the raging lust still surging through you. Pulling off your helmet and letting it drop to the ground, you work to undo the buckles holding your chestplate in place, tossing it to the side and revealing your sweat-caked chest to the smaller Wroggis, who are quick to begin cleaning the rest of your skin off with their raspy, pointed tongues. Letting off a sigh as you force yourself to relax and just try to enjoy the rest of the crazy ride that today has put you on as you concentrate on trying to clear your head, you put your hands behind your head as you lean back again, letting the smaller Wroggis enjoy their turn with your aroused body as the alpha, having gotten their fill for now, lounges next to you, keeping one of its large orange eyes on you as it starts to enjoy the show its minions are putting on.

Under the slathering tongues of the smaller Wroggis' ministrations, it's inevitable that you once again find yourself stiffening up, which doesn't go unnoticed by the pack as they all closely gather around your crotch again...this time with the blessing of their boss. Your poor member, sore, beet red, and looking mildly abused after three consecutive milkings, yet still prevented from going completely back down by the Great Wroggi's devious machinations, is quickly assailed from all angles by licks, gentle nips and nuzzles, and even a couple of smaller, less intense "sacjobs" from the gutsier members of the pack imitating their alpha, their poison glands smaller but still just as soft and effective at stimulating you when they work together.

With so much bustling, chattering activity surrounding your crotch, so many different sensations from different angles, and the warming tingliness from the aphrodesiac poison still fueling you, the team effort of the greedy, sadistic monsters manage to wring yet another orgasm out of you - in record time no less, even after all the abuse you've endured already. Many of them leap excitedly at the powerful geyser of your cum and playfully jockey for position to try and catch as much of it as they could on their faces, sacs, or tongues...but as you soon noticed, it seemed like one of them had a different idea of "fun" in mind.

Clearly done with all of the playtime, the one still staring at you them hops over to the nearby alpha and lets off some squawks and chitters before looking back at you, apparently asking something in their monster language, to which the Great Wroggi responds with a bassy squawk of its own before standing up. Meandering over to you as you look up at it curiously, you only have a split-second to realize what was going on when you see the alpha's still plenty full poison sac clench again, right before it hacks up another huge glob of poison right into your face. Coughing and sputtering, you move to try and wipe your face off, only to be pinned down by the Great Wroggi's large footclaw yet again as the second dose of aphrodisiac takes effect. Your already foggy mind becomes a thick cloud as the waning lust surges with newfound strength within you, and you end up finding yourself in a half-delirious state, still aware of your surroundings but so utterly suffused with horniness that you can barely think of anything other than how you're going to get off.

Thankfully, the Wroggi pack doesn't seem inclined to let you suffer for long...a fact proven when their boss moves over you, giving you a good look at its - rather, her underside, revealing a wide, horizontal opening at the base of her tail, so flushed with arousal that the pink coloring within was visible, and the opening was dripping wet. It seemed that playtime was indeed over, as the horny Great Wroggi takes but a moment to position herself over your turgid gunlance before lowering her massive haunches down onto you, taking you within herself in a single heavy motion, the loud slap of her hide meeting your skin getting the attention of the easily distracted Wroggis.

Being at least twice your size if not more, the Great Wroggi was extremely heavy, her thick and well-fed body fully encompassing you below her, pressing you down into the soft, marshy ground you were laying on. Her passage was much tighter than you'd expect from a monster her size, well lubricated due to her own arousal but gripping you with a ferocity that only a feral monster could manage. Rising up slightly on her strong legs, the wide flaps of her thick tail brushing against your legs as she readjusts herself and sends needles of agonizing pleasure through your crotch, she finds an agreeable position and doesn't hesitate to slam back down again, harder this time, unafraid to use her bulk to try and wring out what she really wants from you. Her bulbous poison sac presses down onto your face, distending around it and mildly smothering you, muffling your yell of agonized pleasure as the double dose of aphrodisiac poison has you immediately firing off into her depths.

Hissing loudly as if to say *"Again!"*, she starts up a steady rhythm as she begins tailriding you for all you're worth, milking your painfully hard cock with a complete disregard for your comfort or recharge period, the latter of which had somehow become even more nonexistent as her passage has you suddenly tensing up and cumming again, even harder, stuffing her monster snatch with a double-dose of the hunter cum she so greedily desired. Still refusing to let up until she's had her fill, she pounds you even harder, her cuteness and gentleness from before gone as she aggressively takes what she wants.

Her minions crowd around you again, goading you and cheering their alpha on with their cries, getting so excited by the show that some of them even begin turning to mount each other, so intent they are on getting some action for themselves. This is all lost to your sex-crazed mind by now, though, hardly even caring about the purple poison sac smacking you in the face with every rise and descent she makes as she milks you like those master hunters that somehow managed to milk Kirins to make the cheese-

Your train of thought was interrupted when she lets out a deafening roar, having finally gotten herself off on you, her breath clouding in the cool air as you feel her clench impossibly hard around your member one last time and draw out one last orgasm out from you. She wraps her foreclaws around your back and holds you against her during this moment of unbridled carnal pleasure, your face smushing into her soft poison sac one last time as her claws dig painfully into your back. You feebly try to grip her smooth orange hide back as best you can, but your body is so utterly spent at this point that once she lets you go, you go completely limp, save for your still erect member still twitching erratically with your racing heartbeat.

The last thing you see before passing out is the Great Wroggi pulling herself off of your dick, your cum dripping from her opening as she rolls over to start cleaning herself off, and the unsatisfied members of her pack closing in on you. Unbeknownst to you in your comatose state, they would be taking turns riding you long and hard for hours afterwards, long past the point that your stores were completely spent and you were left firing blanks.

You wake up hours later back in camp, images of that huge purple sac wrapped around your dick still dancing in your mind as you swore revenge against that toxic troublemaker...just as soon as you found your ancient potion and enough ice for your crotch to make a Velkhana jealous.
