# Memento Mori Fighting game

[TOC2]

## Sam Barker: Zoner
>Unique Mechanic: Contacts
A special resource that can be consumed to improve some of his specials. Has a maximum of 2 but will slowly generate during the match or when using 214
>Normals
Good, honest buttons that you'd see on a shoto, nothing special other than having short combos or pressure
Has a quick run speed, walk speed, and back dash but no unique movement options outside of specials
>Grabs
Also simple. Uses his stun gun to electrify the opponent he's grabbing. Similar animations for air grabs
>236 [Trusty Hunting Rifle]
A simple "projectile" where he shoots his hunting rifle after a bit of startup that has a very long but thin hitbox that covers the arena. First version shoots horizontally and can be crouched under, second shoots at a 45 degree angle, and third makes him dolphin dive and shoot very low horizontally. Very punishable
>623 [Electric Persuasion]
A short ranged barrage of electricity with very low push back but high stun on hit. Also very punishable
>22 ["Excuse me, I need to make this call."]
Makes a call on the phone and fades into the background and teleports to an area. The first version makes him appear on the spot, second moves him slightly away from his opponent, and third makes him appear behind his opponent. While he has Contacts, a crowd effect will appear and he'll be invincible during the long startup
>214 ["Now where did I put that document?"]
Makes a call on the phone while he digs out a random projectile from his hiking backpack. Each projectile has a different path and arc and the higher versions throw more but are slower. Replenishes one Contacts
>421 ["Who is it this time?"]
One of his strongest moves. Consumes one Contacts to summon a random character from the cast like an assist that isn't his opponent. Disappears when hit or when the duration ends but not when Sam is hit. When used without Contacts it just summons a random shitty effect
>41236 [Rush Hour and Caffeine]
An install that lasts for a few seconds. While in this state all the moves that uses Contacts are upgraded and Contacts will generate quicker over time
>Super ["Isn't that what friends are for?"]
A simple melee strike that starts a rather lengthy animation of Sam shooting a barrage of shots and finally ending it with a call that brings in a cartoon dust cloud to beat up his opponent
>Taunt ["Sorry, wrong number!"]
Recycles the same animation from 421 but brings up a brightly colored phone. After making a call he is yelled at by the caller and the animation ends

Voicelines:
Win Quotes: (Animation: Sam pulls out his work phone and turns away from the camera, walking away while talking to someone on the phone.)
- \*Ringtone\* "Hello? Hello, hello? Ah, yes. As I was saying..."
- \*Ringtone\* "C'mon, c'mon, c'mon. Hello? Agh! It was **FOUR BARS** a second ago!"
- "Hey, I just wanted to thank you for your help today. Don't think I would've survived without you... What did you say you wanted from me again?" (If opponent is KO'ed with a Super)
- "I knew this town was a bit crazy, but I didn't expect random people to start attacking me too!?" (exclusive to normies)
- "I can never understand you... things. Life's bad enough. Why can't you just leave us alone?" (exclusive to half-abnormals)
- "Didn't think I'd see you here. Hope I didn't hit you too hard, it's kind of a habit by now with how often things sneak up on me." (exclusive to asylum helpers)
- \*Ringtone\* "Oh, sorry about that. You won't believe how many times I've been assaulted by this Asian chick recently. This is like, the fifth time this week!?" (exclusive to Lyra)


---


## Alexander and Sariel: Puppet / Mixup
>Unique Mechanic: The Apparition
Buckle up cause this might be a bit hard to explain. The Apparition, Sariel, starts out closely following Alexander' horizontal position. When holding down a button Sariel will move faster than Alexander allowing you to reposition her. When letting go of a button Sariel will do a unique attack independent of Alexander. Every time Sariel does an attack or is used in a special move The Apparition meter goes down. When fully depleted Alexander will take a small amount of damage and Sariel will be inactive, preventing you from using any of Sariel's moves until The Apparition meter is fully replenished. The Apparition meter will slowly replenish when Sariel is not attacking and will replenish slower when Sariel is being manually moved. Alexander cannot be KO'ed from the self damage from the depletion of The Apparition meter.
>Normals
Very quick martial arts moves that can chain very easily with Sariel. Alexander can also charge a move by holding down a button to incorporate his guns into the mix. The guns have a wider hitbox and are somewhat disjointed but be warned that doing so will force you to use Sariel from the negative edge of the button.
Alexander has very standard movement options but has a very quick walk speed and run speed. He also has a unique back dash and dash while holding down a button where he rolls instead of runs, resulting in a much smaller hurtbox but with no invincibility on his back dash and a short dash forward instead of his typical run.
>Grabs
While Sariel is close by and following Alexander he kicks his opponent towards Sariel as she smashes them towards the ground. During the air grab he does a similar kick and Sariel does a jumping spike. Doing a grab in this way depletes The Apparition meter slightly. When Sariel isn't close by or The Apparition meter is depleted Alexander kicks his opponents up and then launches them away. The air grab is similar but he only does the launching kick instead. The non-Sariel versions deal less damage but give greater distance from the opponent.
>236 []
Sariel launches forward in a flurry of strikes and stays on where she lands for a few seconds before returning towards Alexander's side. The different versions determine the distance of where she lands.
>623 []
Sariel launches towards the air and stays for a few seconds in her landing spot. When the opponent is caught in the arch, Sariel grabs them and throws them on the ground then lands on them dealing a sharp blow. The different versions similarly determine the distance where she lands.
>22 []
Alexander is planted in place for a very short while as Sariel quickly dashes towards Alexander's position. This cancels the waiting time of 236 and 623, and does not deplete The Apparition meter. The first version has a longer start up but shorter recovery. The second is the opposite, shorter start up but longer recovery. The third will cost meter but will blow back close by opponents.
>214 []
Alexander throws a stuffed toy onto the arena and a small circle surrounds the toy that lasts for a few seconds. While in the circle the opponent's movement speed is slowed. When the version C of 236, 623, and 421 are used, Sariel instead lands or attacks in the position of the toy and the toy will disappear immediately. The different versions determine the distance the toy is thrown.
>421 []
Sariel stands in place, burns brightly and flails wildly for a few seconds creating a constant hitbox in the area. The flailing can be cut short by activating 421 again during the duration or when the opponent strikes Sariel's hurtbox. Sariel will shortly return after flailing.
>41236 []
The Apparition meter will be fully consumed and Sariel will transform into a blood-starved beast. She quickly dashes across the arena and grabs the opponent in her path. There she will savagely tear into her opponent and immediately jump towards Alexander's position after the animation. Whether or not Sariel lands a hit The Apparition meter will be empty and Alexander will take damage after the animation.
>Super []
A counter move. When Alexander is hit during the duration of the move an animation will play (details to be determined by Alexander anon). Whether or not the counter is successfully activated it will still consume meter.
>Taunt []
Alexander takes a quick drag from a smoke in his pocket. After taking it in deeply, he starts to cough and gag exaggeratedly like an old man and then puts away the cigarette pack.

Voicelines:
(Condition Name):
-  


---


## Lyra Gu:  Mixup / Gorilla
>Unique Mechanic: Obsession
A special resource that increases or decreases depending on the special moves used. For most of the match Obsession will decrease unless 623, 214, and j214 are used. When Lyra is low on health Obsession will slowly increase unless 236 is used instead. When Obsession is full Obsession will not go down and Lyra will start to flash red. While in this state, after a few seconds without Obsession going down a lengthy transformation sequence will occur and Lyra will enter her Maw State.
>Unique Mechanic: Maw State
A unique state that changes Lyra's properties. In this state her arms will be covered in mouths and her blade will change. While in this state Obsession cannot be increased or decreased through any means and will slowly drain throughout the match and all her attacks have a slight damage increase but she receives more damage from any attack. When Obsession is fully depleted while in the Maw State Lyra returns to normal instantly. 
>Normals
Lyra has generally fast but short-ranged normals typical to most rushdown characters. She can follow up these normals by pressing the same button up to 3 times allowing her to have longer combos and blockstrings. While in her Maw State she loses access to her normals follow up but each of her normals have a larger hitbox and deal greater damage. In both states Lyra has access to unique, dash-only normals.
Lyra has normal movement speeds though slightly slower than average. She makes up for this by having several unique movement options. Her dash makes her hop forward where she can be considered in the air state and have instant access to her air moves. While in the air, inputting 22 allows her to quickly fall towards the spot and cancel her air momentum while not in hitstun or blockstun. While in the Maw State she loses access to the air property of her dash, her dash becomes much shorter and her walk and back dash speed decreases slightly.
>Grabs
A standard grab. Lyra appears behind the opponent, covers their mouth and slits their throat then throws them behind her. While in her Maw State her grab is slower but has a shorter and wider hitbox. Lyra's weapon engulfs the opponent, chews repeatedly, and eventually spits them out behind her.
>236 (air ok) ["Cursing is just advanced cussing..."]
Consumes a bit of Obsession and Fires a single slow-moving projectile towards an area. It only has a hitbox while traveling and will leave a mark wherever it collides with the opponent or at the destination of its path when uninterrupted. A version travels horizontally like a traditional fireball and ends slightly ahead of Lyra. B version travels at a 30-degree angle either upward when used on the ground or downward in the air. EX version costs meter and creates a similar projectile to A but is bigger, moves slower and does not stop even when it hits the opponent. While the respective marks are still in the arena, activating the respective 236 dashes Lyra towards the mark and consumes it. The dash can be canceled by attacking or activating 236 while in a dash.
>623 (air ok) [**"I'LL TEAR YOUR GUTS OUT!"**]
Lyra dashes forward and does a set of slashes. Increases Obsession and can be followed up by another 623 and changes momentum respective to the specific 623 version. A version goes forward, B version goes slightly up at a shallow angle, and C version goes slightly down. While in the Maw State Lyra does a set of forward moving slashes that can also be followed up with another 623 but each slash that lands on hit or on block has a slight vacuum effect. A version is a fast mid attack, B version is a similarly fast low, and C is a slower overhead. In both versions only the first strike is safe and each subsequent follow up increases the recovery time.
>22 [**"JUST GETTING STARTED!"**]
Lyra stands in a trance, gains hyper armor, and "taunts" the opponent. If Lyra is hit while in the animation she receives significantly reduced damage and greatly increased Obsession. If the animation ends without receiving damage then Obsession is greatly decreased instead. Different versions increase the duration of the "taunt" but she can be grabbed out of it without increasing her Obsession. Has a small chance to create a visual effect of a barely visible specter right behind her during the animation.
>214 ["Wrong way, dumbass"]
Lyra crouches on the ground before disappearing and reappearing depending on the version used, increasing Obsession per use. Version A has Lyra teleport just above and in front of the opponent to do a falling strike. Version B has Lyra appear just slightly ahead and into a sprint towards the opponent. And version C has Lyra just above and slightly behind her opponent for a similar strike to A version. While in the Maw State, A version teleports just slightly in front of the opponent and strikes with an overhead. B version Teleports directly in front of her opponent in order to command grab. And Version C teleports her directly behind her opponent but does not attack.
>j214 [Trauma Privilege]
While in the air Lyra does a dive kick-like attack by dashing face first towards the opponent. Each version changes the angle and delay of the dive kick. While in the Maw State Lyra gains super armor capable of resisting 1 attack.
>421 [Hunger for Vengeance]
Lyra prematurely activates the Maw State in a short animation and consumes 10% of her Obsession to transform. Cannot be activated while Lyra Flashes red and does nothing while Lyra is already in the Maw State other than doing a short taunt.
>41236 [Ghosts of Whateley]
Lyra becomes transparent after a lengthy start up and 3 extra transparent copies appear mirroring her exact movements but in different x and y axis reflection. the copies and this super does not deal any damage and are simply visual effects for a long duration. While in the Maw State the lengthy start up results in a lengthy install that summons a debris golem (her Artificial Angel) in the background and each of Lyra's attacks, 623, 214, and j214 have an additional hit contributed by the golem. Once the duration of the golem ends her Obsession resets to 0 regardless of the initial amount of Obsession.
>Super [How Not to Interrogate Someone]
Lyra performs a short hop forward and is invincible during the duration. If the opponent's hurtbox connects with Lyra during the duration a short animation plays where we find the opponent tied up on a chair in a dark room. Lyra rants about something incomprehensible before a random cause of death is applied towards the tied up opponent. Can be jumped over and punished due to it's long recovery on whiff.
>Taunt [Condemnation]
Lyra grasps her head and wiggles around in frustration as disembodied maws appear and disappear around her repeatedly. This animation loops until another input is registered.

Voicelines:
Maw State transformation: 
- "If you won't give me what you want, I'll just have to **TAKE IT!**"
- "When I'm done... the Feds will puke at the sight..."
- "Not even God... can save us now..." (exclusive to Alexander)

Grabs:
Normal Version:
- "Your services won't be needed...
- "Another body until I reach her..."
- "Do you think I cared about you?"
- "I'm doing this city a favor." (exclusive to Evalina)
- "Yeah, I'm thinking I'm back. \*cheerful laughing* Nailed it." (exclusive to Evalina)
- "Your stalker's gonna hate this. \*creepy laughing*" (exclusive to Alexander)
- "Know your place, brat." (exclusive to Alexander)

Maw State Exclusive:
- "I need... your blood..."
- "You won't miss this... right?"
- "Sariel... know my suffering..." (exclusive to Alexander)
- "Filth like you are always delectable." (exclusive to Evalina) 

Normals, 214 and j214:
- "Got you now!"
- "You tried!"
- "Dumbass!"
- "Bleeding edge!"
- "*Lei yao sei mou?!*" (Do you want to die?!)
- "Get out of my way!" (exclusive to Alexander)
- "Keep your preaching!" (exclusive to Alexander)
- "*Princess...*" (exclusive to Evalina)
- "All bark, no bite!" (exclusive to Evalina)

Maw State Exclusive:
- "More..." (Maw State)
- "Everything..." (Maw State)
- "I'll take this..." (Maw State)

Dash:
- Can't run!
- I'm coming~
- Don't even try!
- Damn PRIEST! (exclusive to Alexander)
- You are NOT welcome! (exclusive to Alexander)
- Tell your girl to piss off! (exclusive to Alexander)
- Say hi to your father! (exclusive to Evaline)

236:
- Taste this!
- All you deserve!
- Eat it!

623:
- I'LL TEAR YOUR GUTS OUT!
- Sliced to ribbons!
- URAAAAHHHH!

22:
Taunt mode:
- "That hurts?"
- "Is that all you got?"

On hit:
- "I'm just getting STARTED!"
- "That was rhetorical!"
- "THIN SKIN!"

No hit:
- "Come on..."
- "Dammit."
- "Tricky little..."
- "Really?!"

214:
- "Look up!"
- "Wrong way."
- "Chop!"

421:
- "MIMIIIIIIII!"
- "URGHAAAAAAAAAA!"
- "YOU SON OF A BIIIITCH!"

41236:
- "I'm not playing around!"
- "I'll make you feel true fear..."
- "You'll never find me..."

Maw State Exclusive:
- "Wake up, the horrors of my past..."
- "Welcome to Hell, you're already in it..."
- "I. AM. A SURVIVOR."
- "*Ma ma... Ba ba... gong gong... nei mun ting dou ngo ma?*" (Mom... dad... grampa... can you hear me?)

Taunt:
- "No. Please. Stay AWAY!"
- "Goddamn.... mouths..."
- "Mimi.... you LITTLE!...."

Win Quotes: (Animation: Mouths pop up in the air as Lyra staggers a bit only to regain her posture and swat them away.)
- "When you get back home, don't pray for me. I have a feeling you'll need it more." (exclusive to Alexander if Sariel is desummoned)
- "Take better care of your man. Or I'll have to." (exclusive to Alexander)
- "I don't care what the guns and cars say, your father was small fry. Already knew the moment I looked at you." (exclusive to Evaline)
- "Now are you gonna tell me what you know about Mimi?"
- "That feeling of hunger? Why.... why does it pop up every time?
- "*Ma ma... ba ba... dui m qi...*" (Mom... Dad... I'm sorry...)
- "Well, wanna tell me what's in that laptop of yours? Or do you need another visit to the laundromat? Bill's on me, so you better choke it up." (exclusive to Sam)

---


## Jiang Mei: Setplay / Rushdown
!!! info Overview
	Jiang Mei is character that utilizes her special moves to pressure the opponent and punish them during knockdowns. Her lack of decent pokes makes it hard for her to contend in neutral but once she gets in on the opponent she'll be able to thrive. Her specials not only lock out certain areas but also act as a way to extend combos and make her opponent's life a living hell. Jiang Mei can be a rather technical character but experienced Jiang Mei players are able to keep the opponent from playing for a very long time.
>Unique Mechanic: Hypothermia
A status effect that is applied on the opponent when using specific normals, 623, and 22 and lasts for a few seconds. Certain constructs such as from 236, and 214 can have their duration extended very for a few seconds once per summon of the constructs. Opponents applied with Hypothermia while they still have Hypothermia receive the Cold Emotions status effect and have their movement speed and meter gain slowed for a few seconds. Opponents with Cold Emotions cannot be applied with Hypothermia until the end of Cold Emotions but receive extra damage from attacks that apply Hypothermia.
>Normals
Mei uses her martial arts training to dispatch the opponent. Most of Mei's normals are quick but stubby. Charging some moves by holding down the button applies Hypothermia on hit.
Mei has average walk and back dash speed but quick run and air dash speed. She also has a run-only normals but no other unique movement options.
>Grabs
Mei grabs her opponent by the throat and drains them of heat and emotions before throwing them forward into the air. Her air grab similarly grabs her opponent by the throat but spikes them down directly below her. Each version applies Hypothermia on hit.
>236 (air ok) [Snowfall Slicer?]
Mei summons a large snowflake just in front of her and it spins for a few seconds hitting multiple times. Version A summons the snow flake close to the ground. Version B above the ground and can be crouched below. EX version summons both versions but cost meter. Cannot be used while a snowflake is still on the arena.
>623 [Icy Heels]
Mei strikes the ground with her heel and large icicles shoot up. Can be used as an anti-air and applies Hypothermia on hit or block. Has a very small and stubby hitbox at her heel that hits OTG and can be used to extend combos when close enough to the opponent.
>22 [Blizzard Palm]
Mei takes a wide stance and pushes both arms aside to force cold wind to buffet nearby opponents. Has a large hit box that extends backwards and applies Hypothermia to anything in ranged but can be punished when used up close.
>214 [Frigid Domain]
Mei concentrates on the spot and a barrier of ice sprouts up from the ground that lasts a few seconds, damaging the opponent during the initial summon. The barrier applies Hypothermia only to the opponent when touching its hitbox. Version A summons it just in front of Mei. Version B summons it a distance ahead of Mei, and version C further away. Each version absorbs 3 projectiles while on the arena before disappearing but only maybe summoned at a time. Using 214 again while a barrier is up will remove the old barrier and summon the new one.
>j214 [Winter Rush]
Mei travels a short distance horizontally across the screen and does a different attack depending on the version used. Version A ends with a single swipe. Version B ends with a slower jab extended by an icicle that applies Hypothermia. Version C with a faster version of Mei's air grab.
>41236 (air ok) [Ice Coffin]
Mei grabs her opponent by the throat and encases them in ice while draining their emotions. Restores all red health and a bit more regular health. Highly punishable on but only consumes half meter on whiff.
>Super [Descent of the Immortal Tyrant]
Rather than the standard super animation, Mei unsheathes The Immortal Tyrant Saber which results in a lengthy install that increases the range of all her normals and each hit applies an extended version of Hypothermia or Cold Emotions. The bonus damage of Cold Emotions is also greatly increased.
>Taunt [Gacha Addict]
She pulls a phone out and starts tapping away, and a short voiceline plays: "Sorry, but I need to do my dailies". Then she taps again and a little icon pops up with letters like 'R', 'SR', 'SSR', or 'UR', representing her making gacha pulls in the middle of combat. She comments further depend on the roll. Respectively: 'You seem to be bad luck', 'Not bad', 'Lucky me~', and 'Oh, I think we need to fight more often.'

Voicelines:
Win Quotes: (Animation 1: Jiang-Mei brushes off her clothes and coldly walks away (Her super wasn't used and the opponent isn't a monster), Animation 2: Jiang Mei walks up to the opponent, grabs them, bites into their neck, and drains their blood (Her opponent is a monster), Animation 3: Jiang Mei walks up to the opponent, steps down on their chest/back with her heels, and then beheads them with the Immortal Tyrant Saber (Her super was used and the opponent isn't a monster))
- "...How rude... Am I really that much of a monster...?" (Animation 1)
- "...This one... Can't be eaten..." (Animation 1)
- "...Hmph... Does this count as racism...? (Animation 1 + The enemy is a priest)
- "Another monster to slake my thirst- let's get this over with." *Crunch* "...As unpleasant as always..." (Animation 2 + Her super wasn't used.)
- "Some things never change- like how the strong devour the weak." *Crunch* "...Hardly an appetizer..." (Animation 2 + Her super was used. The voice-over has another, deeper voice hidden underneath.)
- "Did you think that would be enough?" *Slash* "May your next incarnation provide a real challenge." (Animation 3 + <50% life left over. The voice-over has another, deeper voice hidden underneath.)
- "You were a worthy foe." *Slash* "Take pride, warrior. I will remember this battle." (Animation 3 + >50% life left over. The voice-over has another, deeper voice hidden underneath.)

Lose Quotes: (Assuming the enemy's win animation doesn't interact with her, she just lies on her back with her face turned towards the camera.)
- "...But I never... Hurt anyone... (The enemy is a priest or monster hunter + Her super was never used.)
- "...Your kind... Never changes... I... Will.......Return..." (The enemy is a priest of monster hunger + Her super was used. The voice-over has another, deeper voice hidden underneath.)
- "In the end... I wasn't that much of a monster... That's... G...o...o...d..." (The enemy is a monster + Her super wasn't used.)
- "What a humiliation... To think I fell to such a whelp... (The enemy is a monster + Her super was used. The voice-over has another, deeper voice hidden underneath.)
- "...I was hoping to live a little longer..." (Other + Her super wasn't used.)
- "I never did get to play that game." (Other + Her super wasn't used.)
- "Gah... If not for this body..." (Other + Her super was used. The voice-over has another, deeper voice hidden underneath.)
- "This is why you mortals... Are so delightful..." (Other + Her super was used. The voice-over has another, deeper voice hidden underneath.)

---


## Druella: Type
>Unique Mechanic: 

>Normals

>Grabs

>236 []

>623 []

>22 []

>214 []

>421 []

>41236 []

>Super []

>Taunt []

Voicelines:
(Condition Name):
-  


---


## Evalina Makarova: Type
>Unique Mechanic: 

>Normals

>Grabs

>236 []

>623 []

>22 []

>214 []

>421 []

>41236 []

>Super []

>Taunt []

Voicelines:
(Condition Name):
-  


---


## Dr Bright: Type
>Unique Mechanic: 

>Normals

>Grabs

>236 []

>623 []

>22 []

>214 []

>421 []

>41236 []

>Super []

>Taunt []

Voicelines:
(Condition Name):
-  


---


## "Cat": Type
>Unique Mechanic: 

>Normals

>Grabs

>236 []

>623 []

>22 []

>214 []

>421 []

>41236 []

>Super []

>Taunt []

Voicelines:
(Condition Name):
-  


---


## Vernon Frank: Type
>Unique Mechanic: 

>Normals

>Grabs

>236 []

>623 []

>22 []

>214 []

>421 []

>41236 []

>Super []

>Taunt []

Voicelines:
(Condition Name):
-  


---


## David Dunwich: Type
>Unique Mechanic: 

>Normals

>Grabs

>236 []

>623 []

>22 []

>214 []

>421 []

>41236 []

>Super []

>Taunt []

Voicelines:
(Condition Name):
-  


---


## Name: Type
>Unique Mechanic: 

>Normals

>Grabs

>236 []

>623 []

>22 []

>214 []

>421 []

>41236 []

>Super []

>Taunt []

Voicelines:
(Condition Name):
-  


---


## Name: Type
>Unique Mechanic: 

>Normals

>Grabs

>236 []

>623 []

>22 []

>214 []

>421 []

>41236 []

>Super []

>Taunt []

Voicelines:
(Condition Name):
-  


---


## Name: Type
>Unique Mechanic: 

>Normals

>Grabs

>236 []

>623 []

>22 []

>214 []

>421 []

>41236 []

>Super []

>Taunt []

Voicelines:
(Condition Name):
-  


---


Edit code: Fightan