“Another three laps boys I know you can do better than this!”  Coach Bryant yelled.  Miles had been on the college baseball team for two years now but practice with Coach was always a pain.  Coach had always been quite the drill instructor at practice demanding grueling workout regimen and extensive cardio from the team.  Miles had gotten on Coach’s good side early on by really attacking each and every practice and game with genuine enthusiasm.  But something's changed with Coach this season.  He hasn’t been truly satisfied with anyone’s performance despite much harder training schedules.  Even after working everyone into a sweating mess he seems to let out a long sigh each time and dismiss the team with little fanfare.  “Maybe Coach is having some kind of mid life crisis”  Miles said under his breath as he started packing up for the day.  He spends a lot of time working out, he hardly cares about his gruff looking appearance, not to mention that he smells like a wild animal most of the time.  He must have had some major relationship event to trigger a change like this in a person.  Although he has gotten hotter…
 
SLAM!  Coach had snuck up on Miles, dropping his bag down barely a foot away with a loud bang.  “Oh sorry coach I was just thinking, i'll be leaving soon.”  Miles said quickly after Coach glared at him.  “I’ve been thinking too.  You’re the only one these days that seems to be able to handle what I ask for in this team.  Since you’re the only one taking things seriously around here besides me, why don’t you stay after practice tomorrow?  I think you might be tough enough to have a one on one weight training session with me.”  Coach mumbled almost in embarrassment.  “Compared to the rest of the runts on the team at least.”  Miles thought that the current practice routine was already more than enough, but something in the way Coach had asked compelled him to agree.  “Thanks you won’t regret it, I'm curious to see what a little extra push can get out of my star player.”  Coach replied to the answer wearing a strange toothy grin.  
 
“Here take this shake, I think it should help you get the most out of our session.”  He said before quickly pushing what looked like a bottle filled with an unlabeled milky protein shake into Miles’ hands.  After giving it an apprehensive look Coach added “I made it myself it’s got plenty of the stuff I used to get ripped recently. Trust me pup it will help.”  He then sauntered off before Miles could get a word in as he sat in the empty locker room contemplating what just happened.  “Pup…?"  Well it could be worse, having a few one on one sessions with him could be a good boost to his physique.  Not to mention he would get to see all that eye candy move some weights around.  Miles opened up the bottle coach gave him and was hit with an overpowering smell.  “Jeez this stuff smells like Coach after practice!  Well if it’s what he took then it probably works like magic, even if it smells like a gym bag.”  Thought Miles as he took a big swig of the thick liquid. It was tough to keep down at first thanks to the strong flavor, Miles had never had one this intense or salty but at least it had a pleasant aftertaste that almost made him want another gulp.  Miles started to head home for the night not realizing that Coach was still watching him in the shadows of the locker room.  The older beast of a man smiled as he watched the player drink the special shake he had made for the boy and took particular note of the bulge that grew in his star player's shorts after swallowing.  
 
When Miles got into bed to settle down for the night he started to feel the effects of what little of Coach’s shake he had consumed.  The persistent horny feeling that had pestered him since the end of practice had only grown.  It was time to let out a little tension.  Looking up his usual flavor of porn wasn’t really doing anything for him as his thoughts seem to keep drifting back to Coach.  Now Coach had always been a big guy, but whatever happened to him in the past few months has bulked him up into quite the epitome of manliness.  This fixation only intensified as Miles continued to jerk off his cock to images of Coach in his head doing increasingly dirty things.  It was only a matter of time until his new larger swollen balls emptied their virile load all over his chest.  “Damn…”  Miles panted. “It hasn’t felt that good in a while.”  Then it hit him, that smell of fresh cum reminded him of something.  “Smells kinda like… Coach.”  Miles took a deep breath of the intoxicating smell as he found himself doing something he never thought he would do.  He started rubbing the copious amount of cum around his slick chest in some kind of innate desire to smell like his mentor.  “Don’t remember ever feeling like such a freak before."  Miles groaned as his last thoughts before falling to sleep were of Coach and him.
 
Waking up Miles was hit with another wave of that musk as he slowly started to realize he must have ended up cumming in his sleep, and from the look and feel of it on his chest and bed it must have been a few times.  “Shit, these sheets are gonna need a wash now.”  Taking another deep breath of his own musk was starting to wake his dick up too.  Almost dizzy from the pleasure he sat up as his cock grew hard again. "I guess my dick likes sleeping naked more than I would have thought.  Smells like a beast in here though now."  Miles said as he stood up and flexed a few times taking in his growing muscles.  The sight was enough to leave the player pondering that maybe Coach’s special shake works better than he thought.  Or maybe his muscles just look better covered in cum, or perhaps both.  Taking one last whiff of his scent Miles went over to the shower, almost sorry to wash off this heavenly smell and to get ready for the day.  Afterwards Miles took stock of himself as he noticed more hair growing around his bloated balls, and his dick seemed nearly an inch bigger soft.  Before he could start to worry he was reminded by the bottle on the sink that he still had plenty of that shake to drink before practice today.  This time when he popped the top open and took a swig the smell and taste bothered him a lot less.  After chugging the rest of the bottle with a dumb smile on his face Miles stuffed his half hard cock into his jockstrap and headed out the door.  A bit more spring to his step as he looked forward to the after practice session with Coach.
 
The initial day with the team seemed to breeze by, Miles was performing all of the standard drills with surprising ease today.  But he couldn't shake the feeling that Coach was focusing on him during any exercise with an almost predatory interest.  Other than barking orders at his team Coach’s gaze never left him.  It was almost the end of the normal group practice when Coach declared that everyone would be doing a few laps around the track to end the day.  “I’m going to be running with the team today, let’s see if anyone can keep up.” He gruffly shouted.  The usual groans of annoyance swept over the team, except for Miles who was eager to see Coach in action.  As everyone lined up on the track for Coach to do the countdown Miles quickly took the spot right behind him.  Looking back to see who it was Coach smirked.  “Just try to catch me pup.”  There it was again, Miles grinned back as his jock began to look a bit more full.  Coach let out a bellowing countdown as the final sprint of today’s practice began.  
 
Within only a moment Coach had already cleared ahead of the group and was only putting more distance between it as he bolted down the track.  Wanting to prove to Coach that he was worthy of this special session afterwards Miles put all of his energy into catching up to Coach and that scent of his.  With a surge of speed and a burning desire to prove himself he ran ahead, slowly closing the distance between them.  Miles’ body was finally processing Coach’s shake from earlier, putting on extra muscle as more powerful legs propelled him forward.  The shake also had a similar effect to last night as his cock began to lengthen as it grew in more ways than one.  His cock's growth spurred on by both the shake and Coach’s musk during the chase.   The jockstrap Miles wore kept it pressed tight against his chest, a growing dark spot of pre slowly covering his shirt.  Barely noticing his enhanced lust or state of erection Miles continued on his goal to reach his target.  
 
As his star player drew near to him Coach grinned at the boy’s determination.  Coach could smell his prey’s arousal and thought of a plan to spur him on even more.  Miles was running as fast as he could, with his eyes barely open during the sprint.  Guided almost entirely by the faint musk of his Coach as he chased.  Suddenly he caught sight of coaches shirt on the side of the track just as the scent of Coach more than doubled to his increasingly sensitive nose.  He opened his eyes and could see the incredibly hairy form of coach in the distance wearing nothing but gym shorts. He had to catch up.  The dark spot of pre had begun to encompass most of his shirt, luckily looking more like he had just sweated through it during the hard practice.  Rapidly closing the distance between them with a bestial surge of energy Miles’ darted toward his Coach panting and drooling precum.  But even with this sudden burst of power he still could not reach him before the finish line, but easily coming in second place moments later.  
 
Having a few seconds alone before the rest of the team caught up, Coach walked over to the panting and distraught predator he had toyed with.  Miles’ had sat down panting from the excursion when suddenly he felt Coach’s large hand press against his slick pre-coated shirt.  “Mhhmm I could feel that desire to win in you pup, maybe next time.  Until then I will find you something better fitting to wear for our little one on one session soon.”  Coach grumbled to Miles, just before the rest of the team approached the finish line.  Miles’ had to fight back the urge to cum as Coach touched him, and being so close to his musk only made it harder.  As Miles looked up at him he thought his ears were more pointed than normal and noticed that one of his sharp teeth was so long it peeked out.  But as the rest of the team approached Coach grunted as these features began to recede slightly.  He couldn't dwell on it for long as some remarks from his teammates on his smell and sweaty looking uniform were thrown at him.  “Man dude we're going to have to hose you down with deodorant before we let you into the dugout from now on.  Especially if you're gonna ruin your clothes and smell like a wild animal.”  Miles shrugged at them and tried to hide his persistent barely contained bulge.  He was only thinking about what was in store for him in the weight room with Coach tonight.  The team finally began to file out as everyone caught their breath, leaving Miles alone sitting on the bench in the lockers.  After a moment Miles’ was caught off guard when Coach threw the sweaty shirt he had been wearing during the run at him.  "This should fit you better soon pup. I hope you’re prepared i'm going to give you a real full body workout, and I won’t be holding back”  Coach could barely contain his toothy grin as he and his prey headed to the campus gym for their first session.
 
As Coach's used shirt covered Miles' face he was hit by an even more concentrated scent of wild and untamed masculinity, his nose shifted momentarily beneath the sweaty fabric gaining a black hue and a lot of sensitivity while Miles' longer tongue almost panted as he was smothered in pheromones.  Coach had a fatherly smile on his face as he saw just how entranced his pup was from the smell of him, but he knew even better things were waiting and he moved on ahead towards the gym.  Miles' ears perked as he heard the locker room door shut, pulling Coach's shirt off his head his wolfish feature's receded, even if the tent in his pants refused to do so.  Throwing the musky shirt on it felt far too big for him, but Miles' was still surprised that it fit as well as it did considering its size.  Briefly wondering just how big Coach really was Miles just chalked it up to it being loose fitting workout attire and made his way to the door to catch up.
 
Coach was already opening the door to the workout room by then however, muttering to himself as he flicked a single set of lights on, his amber colored eyes preferring it darker than usual.  "Damn, even without the moon it's getting harder and harder to control it around my pup."  Came the deep gruff grunt from Coach that transitioned into a low growl when he heard a tearing sound from his XXXL shorts.  Ever since the event a few months ago his growing body just kept getting more massive, easily outpacing the rate he could replace his wardrobe.  Coach stomped over towards the little back office in the school's gym, not even bothering to turn the lights on as he grabbed an empty shake bottle and tore off the rest of his ill-fitting shorts.  "Gonna make sure the pup grows big and strong like me."  Coach moaned through a half-muzzle as he worked on getting Miles' a fresh protein shake for their session.
 
Five minutes later Miles made his way to the entrance of the weight room, hoping that he wasn't too late he adjusted his loose shirt around the growing fuzz beneath it one last time before reaching out to grab the door handle.  Just as his hand touched the cool metal the door rumbled slightly as a muffled roar sounded off.  Miles paused at the oddity, wondering if there was construction going on upstairs or something before making his way into the dimly lit room.   The few lights that were on inside were just enough to make the metal and iron of the weights shine in the empty looking gym.  "Coach?  You there?"  Came the nervous call-out of from the player that echoed down the room.  
 
Miles received no reply however, the atmosphere growing tense as the player started to doubt his choice to come here, there were always be other chances to workout with Coach.  Then his nose caught that scent, the hot musky testosterone of his Coach was cutting through the rest of the gym's smells and only growing stronger.  Miles couldn't see or hear Coach but something told him that he was getting closer.
 
"Hey there pup."  Came the rumbling voice that cut through the silence as a heavy hand pressed down on Miles' right shoulder.  "I hope you're eager to start.  I know I am."  Coach said as he reached out with his other hand pressing a shockingly warm bottle into Miles' grip.  "I think that shirt looks good on you by the way, now let's see if we can't make it fit you better."  Coach said as he let his player go, tapping on a clipboard impatiently.  "I've got a routine that might be a bit more intense than you're accustomed to.  Now why don't you drink some of that protein shake I made for you, it will help make sure you are up to the challenge."
 
Turning around Miles saw his Coach somewhat obscured by the poor lighting, but still unmistakably wielding a devious smirk on his face that went un-hidden by the hat he wore.  The rest of Coach just seemed *bigger* than before too but in so many barely perceptible ways, his replacement shirt looked almost painted on, Coach's muscles clearly defined even with the amount of body hair he seemed to have these days.  The only thing that Miles truly knew was off was that Coach had also apparently changed his shorts, now sporting an even bigger pair with a different color than he saw him wear in the locker rooms.  Just as Miles opened his mouth to question the situation Coach silently wagged his finger at his player before pointing back to the clipboard.
 
"I said drink up pup so we can get started."
 
Not wanting to break the flow Coach seemed to have planned for his training Miles shrugged and popped open the cap on the shake, tilting his head back to take a swig of the viscous drink.  The moment the warm liquid touched his taste-buds Miles' eyes went wide, his mind racing for reasons why this shake would be so warm, but the flavor that graced his pallet silenced those thoughts spurring him on to gulp more and more from the overfilled canister.  As the warmth of the drink passed by his sharpening teeth his stomach seemed to radiate the heat of the shake throughout his body, muscles tensing as hormones and energy filled Miles' system.  Gasping for air as he finally pulled away from the empty bottle he wasted no time diving his dexterous tongue back inside it as he tried to lick up every last drop.
 
Coach smiled at the behavior of his pup, patting Miles on the head once at having finished his latest gift for his growing werewolf.  "Don't worry pup there will be more where that came from, now let's get down to work then."  Coach loaded up the bench press bar nearby with enough heavy plates to start bending and stressing the bar itself as it bowed near the edges.  "Spot me then pup, while you digest all that protein."  Coach barked as he laid back on the bench, letting out a small growl as his meaty hands gripped the steel bar.
 
Miles' gut churned as it processed Coach's seed, strength flowing out to his limbs while his balls filled their sack to the brim and his cock tented his shorts.  Getting behind the bar he didn't know how he would help assist his Coach as a spotter with this level of weight but watching as Coach confidently pulled the weights down to his chest and pushed back up with ease Miles knew there wouldn't be any problems.  Instead the player's mind and eyes drifted to Coach's own growing tent, Coach's colossal member was snaking it's way upwards through his shorts, his wild Coach was inflating the imprint of his cock with each pump of the weights.
 
The gymnasium grew quiet, save the clank of metal against metal along with the masculine grunts and groans of an inhumanly strong workout.  Miles’ mind grew foggy in the midst of Coach’s reps, each one seemingly adding an entire inch to the massive bulge threatening to break out of the tent in the older man’s shorts.  The shake he had just chugged was busy altering him as he tried to spot the heavy weights while ogling his Coach.  Miles’ muscles shifted and pumped under his increasingly hairy skin, coarse silver hairs began to sprout up on his warm shake filled belly where it was once barren while an unseen crop of darker grey fuzz grew on his back.
 
Nearly sixty reps in and Coach’s motions had only just begun to falter in their usual consistency, the older man’s grunts turned to low bassy growls as he forced every last drop of his unnatural energy through his arms to push the weights up to the rack.  Neither the player nor the Coach noticed as the bar was finally laid to rest that Miles’ hands bore darker, sharper nails and stronger muscle behind them that was needed to help the bar up on the final rep.  Coach’s face was plastered with a toothy smile as he recuperated, his massive chest moving up and down with each breath as small tufts of pitch black chest hair peeked out from beneath his ill fitting shirt.  “Mmmnn I forgot how good that can feel, but that’s enough for me tonight.  You’re the real star of the team Miles’ and I'm gonna make sure you get your pump on twice as hard as I just did.  Follow me pup I think you’re finally ready.”  Coach grunted as he stood up once more, his imposing figure seemingly a bit taller than Miles remembered but it was too hard to be sure in the dimly lit gym.
 
Miles followed Coach over to the deadlift area practically with his eyes closed as the player found his sense of smell sharpened, able to easily pick up Coach’s distinctive masculine aroma that reminded him of burnt wood, crushed pine needles, and cum soaked clothing.  Both of them sported bulges to put other men to shame but neither even mentioned the fact that each of their shorts seemed close to bursting or that their thick members and achingly full sacks were outlined clear as day through their increasingly tight clothing.  “Start here pup, I didn’t go through all this prep work not to fill you out right.”  Coach said pointing at the plate loaded bar for deadlifts that was nearly almost as heavy looking as what he had just used on the bench press.  “Now now no complaint’s pup, give it a try first you might find that shake gave you just the boost you needed.”  Coach grunted to his star player before he could even protest the absurd weight in front of him, it looked to be easily twice that what he typically dealt with.
 
While it would have been impossible under natural circumstances to be able to handle such a huge jump in weight, as Miles crouched down and gripped the bar tight his muscles were eager to surprise him.  The first heave upwards was a real rush, endorphins and adrenaline pumping through Miles’ veins as the overloaded bar left the floor.  Everytime it felt as though his body hit its limit he felt a notable boost shiver down his spine that would push him through, and by the time Miles had completed his first deadlift rep his muscles jumped at the chance for more.  The rest of the gym and even Coach faded out of view as the player started tearing through the exercise, each time he lacked the strength to continue another spark would radiate out from his stomach and give him the boost he needed, unnoticed to Miles was that each time this happened his chest’s dusting of silver hair grew thicker, and his shoulders and back would broaden wider and stronger to support a larger frame that the young pup would fast be growing into.
 
Dropping the weight with a satisfied but tired gasp Miles’ legs wobbled as he started to fall backwards, his legs unsure of how to properly handle his growing stature.  Thankfully Coach was right behind him letting out a particularly aroused groan as Miles plopped into the soft but firm fuzz of his now bare chest.  “No slacking off yet, there’s plenty more for you to do.”  Said the furry wall Miles was pressed against before two strong arms gripped his shoulders tight and pushed the player towards the squat rack.  The two of them walked together in lock step with Miles in front, the whole way feeling something increasingly slick and warm slide against him, any attempt to turn around was thwarted by Coach’s arms and deliberate motions.
 
Those curiosities were quickly forgotten as the new weights came into view, Miles went unprompted towards the station despite the even heavier loadout to get started as fast as possible to chase that workout pump once more.  Coach seemed to disappear into the shadows once more as he placed the bar on his upper back and moved into position, Miles could have sworn he spotted yellow eyes in his periphery as he squatted down for the first rep but that was hard to focus on once he felt the explosive tinge of strength once more.  Squatted low as he was the player’s ass arched with pleasure as he straightened out and lifted the bar.  That same shiver that rushed down his spine hit him stronger this time, the feeling seemingly extending past his tailbone with each pulse while his glutes plumped up with pounds of extra muscle.  Other than an increasingly irritating and confined feeling emanating from his rear the room seemed to fade away for him as he lost himself in the motions, a trance that would be broken when the threads of his shorts finally passed their limit, loudly tearing open in the back near the apex of his squat.
 
 
“Sorry Coach, my fault for buying shorts two sizes too small.”  Miles grunted with a toothy grin, It wasn’t long after the torn fabric of his shorts fell to the ground that another wave of trembling and tensing washed over his body.  Miles’ muscles cramped as he was bathed in heat and effervescent, tingling sensations.  He craned back his neck and let out a low moan towards the ceiling while his bones and ligaments shuddered inside him.  The star player’s lower body trying to keep up with his changes as his waist grew wider and chest barreled out thicker to better match his broad shoulders and growing stature.  Muscles bloomed across his thighs and calves as they swelled, fur dusting his skin getting denser and more defined but doing little to hide his rapidly developing strength.
 
Setting the bar down Miles let out a sexual groan in a deeper timbre as the pitch of his voice lowered.  His underwear was barely holding itself together as it struggled to stay in one piece as his tail pushed out above the cleft of his ass.  Not that the fabric did much to hide his modesty, the distinct and separate bulges of both Miles’ dick and the pair of churning balls beneath it each threatened to burst out on their own accord in moments.  In the haze of testosterone Miles just idly stared at his crotch in a sauced stupor, watching as his junk visibly swelled, just a bit larger than before.  He was so enraptured and proud of the sight that he didn’t even bat an eye as his supernaturally long tongue licked his darkening nose while he recovered from the set.
 
Coach watched from the shadows in delight as he witnessed his pup’s growth, his yellow eyes beamed with pride at how strong this packmate would become.  The older male struggled to hold back his change, his body already blanketed in a coat of black hair that could only be seen as fur at this point.  Coach’s clothing had been ripped off during Miles’ last set, the werewolf now had easy access to slip one of his powerful fingers down to tease his throbbing manhood.  The darkened keratin of his nails disappeared as he plunged two of his digits into his foreskin, soaking them in pre as he swirled them around to tease his cockhead.  The white hot pleasure of his release growing close left him gritting his fang filled mouth as he tried to hold back the tide, his orange sized balls jostling in their black furred sack beneath him as he edged.  Pre poured from his cockslit while what little restraint of Coach’s dwindled rapidly once his feet burst through his shoes, the clawed and bestial paws shredding through their weak container with ease as he sloughed them to the side.
 
Moving in behind Miles while he was still in his daze, Coach pulled his pre soaked fingers out of his foreskin before pressing his body against the growing pup’s back, wrapping his arms around his broader form.  “You’re filling out good pup, but you missed a little of my shake.”  Coach said with a growl as his face began to push outwards into the start of his wolven muzzle.  He smeared some of the pre dripping off his fingers against Miles’ swollen pecs circling the tight muscles around the pup’s nipple before giving it a slippery pinch.  The gentle gasp of pleasure that escaped from Miles’ open mouth was music to his ears, and the opportunity he was looking for.  With deft speed he brought his musky fingers upwards and slid them against his star player’s tongue as he held him tight, enjoying how quickly his mouth closed against his fingers to swallow and savor more of that flavor he was growing to crave.  Feeling another shudder of expansion from the increasingly bulky and hairy pup, Coach released his grip and pulled back into the darkness of the gym once more.
 
Miles’ stomach burbled as it continued to process Coach’s thick shake the extra few drops of pre metabolizing quickly, but now as his testes’ boomed larger his changing body was starting to produce his own wolfish hormones, supplementing the dwindling essence of Coach’s cream to accelerate his changes.  The urges hit him hard and fast, knocking him down on his ass on the mat beneath him as Miles began panting like a wolf and his dick inched upwards to full mast.  Rock hard and painfully horny his cock wasn’t going to stop there as his meat continued it’s ascent, climbing out of his jock as it expanded.  Feeling somewhere between cumming and the start of an erection that just kept going as Miles’ thick member oozed a trail of pre across his stomach that quickly filled his navel with a pool of clear musky fluid.  His balls weren’t willing to be left out either as they grew with steady pulses, the player’s silver fur covered orbs spilling out the sides of his strained jockstrap before the white fabric finally snapped and the weighty cum factories hung free.
 
It wasn’t just a desire for sex that was building in him but strength as well, each set he had completed packed on more pounds of muscle and size that Miles desired.  Despite being nude and achingly hard, the fledgling werewolf had no time to worry about modesty, after all the only other person here was his supportive Coach anyways.  Laying back on the mat his mind instinctively moved his body into a proper position for sit-ups, rapidly beginning his set to soothe his hungry muscles.  Thanks to his heavier body the burn of a good workout began quickly, each rep adding another small gout of pre across his chest from his eager cockslit.  Combined with the sweat Miles was building up the scent in the gym began to shift, no longer solely dominated by Coach’s distinct smell as the new werewolf’s own musk began to become more prominent.  The warmth of muscles fraying and re-knitting themselves tighter and stronger filled him, the strength felt good, it felt right to Miles as each rep added more to his changing frame.  
 
It was becoming too obvious to ignore that he was changing now, thanks to his pre-covered midsection his silver fur sprouted into a full coat, Miles’ tail continued to lengthen, even wagging slightly as he reveled in the pleasure of the transformation.  He was turning into something more than human, but instead of fearing it he welcomed it with all his being.  Stronger, more bestial, wolven, it felt like he was meant to be the creature he was changing into.  Almost 70 reps deep in his set at this point his cock seemed happy to reassure Miles on his changes too, bobbing just beneath his more sensitive nose at the apex of each sit-up.  As if accepting his manhood’s invitation he opened his mouth during the next rep, surprising himself with newfound flexibility as he took the entire head in for a sloppy kiss.  In an unusual but intimate act his mouth filled with his own pre, giving Miles an ample sample of his own taste and scent of his musk.  His tongue lit up with the sheer intensity of the flavor, it was not unlike the shakes he had been getting from Coach but somehow even more concentrated.  Swallowing with a hearty gulp he fell back onto the mat, his stomach cramping as it filled with the pure liquid testosterone.
 
Coach couldn’t wait any longer, emerging from the darkness with a clawed hand lazily beating his cock he began to embrace his full transformation.  His tail grew longer beneath him, pitch black fur blanketed any skin that remained, and his proud muzzle pushed forward as he approached his equally horny pup.  While Coach thought it was strange that Miles was still growing and transforming even after drinking nearly two liters of his werewolf spunk, it only gave him a moment's pause.  The silver and dark grey pup writhing on the mat beneath him in pleasure needed to finish his ascension to the supernatural he was meant to be, and with barely even the start of a muzzle, Miles’ head was the last area that needed some of his help and the tingle of need in his hole gave him the answer.  Placing a clawed hand against his furry ass-cheek he pried his rump open wide before squatting down over his distracted pup’s face.
 
“Listen up pup!  A bit of advice, give the wolf what it wants whenever you can.  Things work much better when you don’t bottle things up.”  Miles’ pointed ears clearly heard Coach shout above him but found it hard to focus with the twin black moons of the werewolf’s cheeks closing in on his face.  The musk growing more and more intense with every inch the ass lowered, Miles’ own bright yellow eyes were almost spinning when the fuzzy rump pressed up against him.  With not even a second of hesitation his tongue lept out and began tasting Coach’s hole, circling the tight ring and lapping up the fresh sweat of his mentor.  Each taste seemed to encourage his face to push out further, his skull stretching and expanding towards a full wolfish muzzle.  The transformation only made it easier and easier to explore the body presented to his maw on a silver platter, Miles’ tongue forced itself inside the dark hole intimately lubricating every part of Coach’s rump he could reach.
 
His mentor for his part was loving every moment alongside his growing pup, a clawed hand feverishly beating his enhanced cock off while he rode Miles’ snout.  While he had originally planned to bend his star player over one of the machines and pumped two or three loads up his fresh werewolf ass, the feeling of pleasure he got from ass eating and pounding was a nice treat.  Regretfully pulling off the skilled tongue beneath him Coach spoke again to the whining wolf beneath him.  “It shouldn’t be too hard though the wolf and you are one in the same now pup.”  
 
The black furred werewolf took stock of his fledgling pup, now seemingly fully grown Miles had surpassed all his expectations of potential, the thick silver adorning his massive chest and underbelly seemingly almost regal in appearance when combined with the dark grey fur coating his back and tail.  The sheer size of him was shocking as well, in his full bestial form he topped out at almost seven and a half feet tall and muscular throughout.  Coach’s eyes drifted lower to the cock that would soon batter his prostate, the foot and a half of dick standing proud, erect, and dripping a flow of pre thick enough to mat down the fur around his overfull sack.  Miles’ balls filled out the fuzzy package to their limit, each individual sphere of his churning balls pulsing gently at the size of a ripe orange.  Neither werewolf could stand to wait much longer however, and with a pleased growl Coach faced his pup as he squatted his ass in position, letting Miles’ dick slide up between his cheeks.
 
“You’re a real biggun pup, but nothing a wolf like me cant take.”  Coach grunted with a confident sneer as he pressed downwards against the tip, meeting some resistance but not much thanks to Miles' earlier efforts.  The thick wolf-hood pressed the older werewolf open, stretching him in just the ways he was hoping for as he gradually pressed onward.  Inch upon inch of his pups dick sunk deep into Coach’s ass, the black-furred werewolf clenching tight as he made his slow descent.  The gentle ride wouldn’t last long though, Coach had every intention to milk every last drop he could out of his pup.  “Hold on tight.”  Was the last thing the older werewolf said once he sheathed the entirety of Miles’ member inside his rump, before with startling dexterity and speed began slamming up and down and fucking himself on the young werewolf’s cock like a true monster.
 
Miles could only lay back and take it, his claws cutting into the mat beneath him with every hump from his mentor.  Coach was using his cock like a living dildo, but with how tight and smooth each entrance felt the new werewolf hardly minded.  His entire body swelled with pleasure and power from taking the ass of the one who changed him, the endorphins and hormones flooding his body making the bestial sex between them feel like a truly transcendental experience.  The subtle flutters and bursts of warmth throughout his bulky body felt a particular focus on his junk, the distinctive tinge of growth almost lost in the sea of sensation.  Miles could tell though that each time Coach pulled off of his cock that it seemed like he had to go just a tiny bit farther each time.
 
Coach’s veneer of confident powerbottom began to shake when he noticed the changes, the cock he was riding was filling him deeper than anything he had ever taken.  The stern expression on his face slowly morphed into one of a fucked silly bottom, tongue lolling out of his muzzle as his eyes glazed over in pleasure.  Coach’s own cock bobbed above Miles’ chest untouched, but every-time his ass made way for more of his pup’s dick it pushed him closer to the edge.  Collecting himself as best he could before he lost any control he had left Coach grunted out one last sentence for his pup in the throes of ecstasy.  “I need to find out next time if your ass feels as good as this cock of yours.”  Try as he might to sound in control the older werewolf couldn’t stop a particularly submissive sounding moan from escaping his muzzle when the deluge of his pups cum interrupted him.
 
Miles had hit his limit, the fat sack that carried his balls pulled upwards as his dick began to flood his mentor’s rear.  The first blast lasted almost five seconds, pint after pint of fresh werewolf spunk shot into the fuzzy black rump he was stuck inside as Coach sat on top of his cock.  His mentor having lost his footing from the pleasure, his own massive member spurting it’s musky mess across the silver fur of his pup’s chest while his gut filled with thick seed.  The two of them wordlessly panting and moaning on the floor of the gym together for over a minute as they rode out their orgasm’s together.  By the end of it when Coach finally pulled off of Miles’ dick it had grown nearly three inches bigger than it had been to start.
 
Coach rubbed his belly as he got his bearings once more, his hole clenching tight to hold every last drop of his pups cum inside.  Miles laid flat on the mat below, riding out the heavy fog of the afterglow in his bigger body.  Reaching a black furred hand down to his pup Coach offered some help to the new werewolf, pulling him and patting him on the back like a father figure despite Miles’ stature standing just a bit taller than the one who made him.  “Come on pup I’ve got a few more important things to teach you now that we got your head clear.”