Story about how Anon's friendship with a gym Lioness.

>be anon
>currently in college, third year
>right now you're sweating your ass off at the gym
>your gym partner is a female lion who's also your best friend
>her name is Tali
>she's fit 
>like really fit
>rippling muscles yet just the right amount of curves on her body
>shes not a walking meathead but no mammal ever messes with her.
>she has creamy brownish fur with a light tannish color on her front torso and a small red mohawk
>quite frankly she looks gorgeous
>she was always worried about your health and your eating habits so she decided to start dragging you to the gym
>doing things like helping you with stretches and warmups, spotting you at the bench racks, running with you on the track
>your first few weeks were a nightmare
>every day your body ached because of how hard she pushed you
>the soreness passed but you still hated the gym
>on some days, you were even late
>your female feline friend is undoubtedly concerned 
>you tell her that you're fine
>in reality, you don't want to disappoint her so you avoid the truth.
>she still doesn't buy it but then oddly doesn't question it at all
>you think you made her mad!
>1 week later however...
>lately things have been getting..."weird"
>during your warmup sessions, you swear she was giving a view of her cleavage on purpose
>while you were benching, she hovering her pelvis a biiiit to close to your head.
>a few times, she "accidentally" rubbed her pelvis in your face.
>and when running on the track, she used to run beside you.
>now she runs in front of you
>with extremely high shorts and the tightest sports bra you've ever seen her wear.
>basically giving you front row seats to watch her firm ass bounce while she jogs in front of you
>when you were laggin in speed, she would jog backwards while her boobs bounced away
>you swear you noticed her smirking at you when she caught you gawking at her
>this didn't make you uncomfortable though
>in fact you very much liked the show she gave you
>and in turn, motivated you to work out more with her
>you now show up every day on time.
>sometimes even 10 minutes early
>your progress has also gotten better at the gym too over time. 


>One day something terrible happened
>while Tali was working on her clean and jerk sets, her hands slipped
>225lbs of weight came crashing down on her left foot
>Shattered few bones in the process
>she's crying and in tears
>using your newfound strength you hoist her to your car
>you rushed her to the hospital to get patched up
>doctors tell her that her foot can recover but she has to stay off of it for nearly 8 weeks
>this absolutely wrecks her.
>if there is one thing she really hates, its sitting around and doing nothing.
>the next day, you go to the gym by yourself
>while in the middle of your jog you hear your phone going off
>you check it to see that you received a text from your friend.
>"Hey anon, could you come over? I've been sitting in this dang house all day and I'm really bored.. :("
>cute
>you smile to yourself and text back: "ok, I'll be there. Finishing up my last lap"
>you finish your workout and head to your car
>luckily her place wasnt that far away
>you arrive at her house where you're greeted by a bone crushing lioness hug
>you also see her on crutches
>poor girl loathes them
>she tells you how hard it is to walk around with them, but at least she can still drive.
>even without her left foot, she can still be pretty mobile.
>but after awhile the crutches tend to hurt so she needs to take breaks from walking
>which leaves her insanely bored
>the two of you talk until the sun sets.
>you decide that you needed to head out, it was getting pretty late anyway
>she her ears droop a bit, but she gives you a warm smile
>"Can you please stop by tomorrow? Same time maybe?"
>you nod, give her a hug and wish her well before heading back to your place.
>when you reach home, you flop on to your bed.
>your mind flooded with lingering thoughts of Tali before you drift asleep.. 


>the following weeks that go by, you continue to follow this routine.
>right after the gym, you spend some time with you lioness friend at her place.
>the two of you would watch TV or put on some random movie
>sometimes the two of you would simply chat.
>but even with a broken foot, she would still try to cook for you to make sure you're getting proper nutrients.
>of course, you would help her cook too since you were a gentleman
>Tali also took notice of your gym progress too.
>a good portion of pudge you had was replaced with firm muscles. 
>you weren't ripped, but it's certainly better than the body you had before. 
>her mood has gotten a lot better seeing you more in shape
>she even confessed to you that she "teased" you a bit in hopes of you taking more of the initiative to show up to the gym
>you blush and tell her that it definitely work
>in your mind though, you wasn't too sure if she really liked you that way, so you set your hopeful thoughts aside for now.
>after a total of 8 weeks, Tali goes back to the doctor
>her foot is completely healed now!
>thanks to modern medicine, her foot is better than it was before.
>you don't question it, but hey it works.
>however part of you is really sad since you found yourself enjoying the time you two spent together at her place. 
>she looks sad about it too...
>aw poor girl
>the next day you two meet up at the gym
>Tali is shocked by your achievements
>you're benching 245lbs 5 times each set
>your squats improved in form and weight
>you're almost keeping up with her on the track! 


>after exercising, you and Tali do your cool-down stretches.
>Tali looks at you and smiles.
>"Hey Anon... after we finish up.. wanna head back to my place?"
>you blink
>Tali never liked hanging out after the gym
>it was usually "class, gym, meal-prep, sleep" for her
>you guess it was due to her foot putting her out of commission for awhile that changed her mindset
>maybe she really did like you after all
>you nod, saying that you would be happy to do so.
>she grins happily
>"Ok anon, don't be late!"
>she heads out while you stay to hit the showers 
>you don't want to stink up the place, plus you needed it since you worked out harder today than any other day since Tali was back.
>you scrub the dirt away, thinking about today's workout
>images of Tali's body flood your mind 
>her supple breasts dangling in front of you while she bent over to stretch her hamstrings 
>her tantalizing ass pressing up against your crotch while you spotted behind her during squats
>No brain! Bad!
>you shake the vivid pictures from your head
>you finished showering and put your fresh clothes on.
>stepping out of the building, you start your car to meet up with Tali as planned. 


>Tali greets you with a hug and a few cheek nuzzles
>you hug her back, taking in how soft her short fur feels.
>after you get settled, she picks out another movie
>its some film about a retired boxer training a promising prodigy to greatness
>she always loves these types of movies
>you both huddle up against each other.
>you really wasn't paying attention to the movie at all
>neither was Tali, seeing how she had her head in your lap while you gave her head and neck scritches.
>she's purring loudly
>its like someone placed a motor in your lap.
>while cute, its giving you other sensations
>you can slowly feel your shorts tighten as you begin to grow chub
>'Damn it, not now boner!'
>through sheer will and subtle muscle flexing you managed to suppress it.
>the movie finally finishes and Tali rises her head from your lap, stretching in the process.
>she gives you more lazy nuzzles.
>"Hey Anon, since we don't have class tomorrow, you can crash here"
>that's right it's the weekend tomorrow
>you agree to stay and prepare to lay on the couch
>she flicks the light off for you and walks to her bedroom
>"Night Anon"


>BOOOOM
>you jolt up in a fit of panic
>'wtf was that noise' you thought 
>you look around and see that everything is dark
>a few dim lights were on before you went to sleep
>the power went out
>you notice the faint pitter patter of rain
>and then a flash of light
>'oh shit'
>BOOOOOOOM
>thunderstorm 
>your eyes immediately go wide as your head turns towards Tali's room
>Tali hates storms
>Ever since you met Tali, you've known about her fear of thunderstorms
>on several occasions you drove through pouring rain just to comfort her.
>'something about lightning and cats don't mix', you ended up saying to yourself
>bolting to Tali's door, you knock
>"Tali?"
>No response
>"Tali are you ok?"
>still no response 
>you're worried at this point but you urgently want to check on your friend
>you give her a warning that you're opening the door
>and the site of what you see melts your heart. 

>Tali has all of her blankets coiled around her
>her ears are covered and she is shaking badly
>tears are streaming down from her face as she faces away from the window, towards the door
>you quickly rush to her
>and as a response, she opens up her blanket cocoon to let you in.
>you shush her, telling her it'll be ok
>she nods her head slowly, still shaking but not as bad.
>she then squeezes you tightly as you rub her back in a caring manner.
>the two stay like this for some time, until you both drift off to sleep.

>morning arrives and the dim sunlight pierces through the blinds
>your mind his groggy but it suddenly clears as you realize you're still in bed with Tali
>she's still has her arms around you, treating you like a little spoon
>your face is beet red right now
>mostly because she's in her underwear while you were in some shorts
>and you can't move because she has a tight grip around your body
>she's even purring fairly loudly as well
>while you've hanged around Tali a lot before, you've never been this close to her. 
>but if she trusts you this much, then maybe...?
>suddenly you can feel Tali stirring awake
>she grumbles a bit before burying her face in your neck
>"Mornin' anon..."
>you stifle a response in return
>"h-hey tali. y-you ok?"
>her grip tightens around your body
>"yeah anon, thanks for spending the night with me"
>you place one of your hands on her muscled arms
>"h-hey no problem, i knew the storm would scare you so I wanted to make sure you were ok." you said sheepishly
>while saying this, you comfort her even further while rubbing your hand on her arm
>Tali nuzzles you again 
>"I mean it, you know? You took care of me all this time when my foot was being healed. I really appreciate that anon"
>truth be told, it's not like you had anything else to do. 
>but you really enjoyed her company
>like "really" enjoyed her company
>she was the only woman in your life that you truly enjoyed spending time with.
>but you wasn't sure if she felt the same about you. 
>you observe your situation yet again
>in bed. 
>half naked with Tali
>fuck it we ballin'
>you summon the courage from the elder gods
>you inhale
>you exhale
>finally you utter the words that will make or break your friendship
>"Tali....are you happy with us being just friends?" 
>at that moment you swear you could feel Tali's heart beat increasing
>"Anon..."
>oh shit you fucked it up
>you brace for rejection
>"...I've been waiting for you to make a move all this time"
>oh shit it worked
>Tali continues "I know I teased you before, and that was only to get you to work out...but when you showed up to my place more, I guess my feelings for you started to grow"
>internally, you're doing back flips
>you pour your heart to her, saying that you had her on your mind lately while Tali says the same about you. 
>you feel Tali's hands slowly rub your chest. 
>suddenly, she flips your body so that she's facing you. 
>the two of you are seriously close now.
>so close that you can feel her breath washing over your face. 
>and her boobs against your chest
>the air is getting heavy as the two of you lean even closer
>until your lips finally meet. 
>both of  you eagerly kiss each other, cementing your feelings for one another.
>Tali hands were around your neck, pulling you tight in her embrace
>You hands gripped her toned waist
>as the two of you part, you feel like a deep fire has been awaken within you. 
>You then noticed that Tali's eyes have widened as she glances down
>You realize what she's looking at.
>all this time you've been sporting the meanest morning wood since you woke up
>and it's prodding directly against her groin
>instinctively you pull away to cover yourself, sitting up in the process
>Tali simply giggles at your behavior
>"relax anon, it's not like I won't see it eventually"
>you look at her, still blushing from damn near exposing yourself. 
>"We don't need to rush things either...I prefer to take things slow.."
>you see her eyes drift away from your gaze, her ears drooping slightly
>"I know I'm ready for a relationship but...I still think I need time before...that"
>you smile and tell you that you completely understand. 
>you pull her in for a hug, and her ear immediately perk back up
>"however, we can still keep kissing if you want to Anon~"
>you give her a sly smile 
>and then assault Tali with another kiss.