#Top-Rope Finisher
->**(Ippon, Mauler, Billy, Weiss)**<-

---

-"Sorry, Bruno. I know it's last minute, but I've got to cancel our trip today. I got saddled with some last-minute stuff at work."

-"More baby-sitting? I guess that's what ya get for being a teacher, Pierre. They call it a 'calling' so here they are 'calling' ya all the time, hehe."

-"I guess the lessons with Sara-sensei paid off if your Japanese improved to the point, you make such shitty puns."

-"Ye, I gotta thank ya for that. And just like ya said, very cute. Definitely helps me not forget about going to class. If it was another old geezer, I'd probably be skipping it by now."

-"I get that. Anyway, I've gotta go. The clubs will wait. Trust me, Miho-chan is so cute that you will have to be careful not to blow all your cash on her. Waiting will just make the final meeting so much sweeter."

-"Yeah, yeah, I'll believe ya when I see her."

-"You will! Now, I've gotta go. Later."

-"See you soon…"

Before he hung up, Mauler heard through the phone some whiny, childish voices calling their teacher. And they revealed something important. They mentioned a train station's name. Since their plans for the night of cabaret clubs and girls bars were blown anyway, he decided to see if he can have some fun with Ippon in a different manner. Maybe if he follows him, the chance will reveal itself...

----------------------
	

-"Billy, Weiss! You deal with his cronies; I'll capture the honcho."

-"Yes, Professor Gentle Way Hero: Ippon!"

-"Koh, you've got it, sensei!"

The hero and two of his students, chased their targets all the way to the roof of a district court. The building stood five-storey tall, the risk of the fall was significant. Yet, the heroes (in the making) didn't hesitate.

Ippon quickly cut the distance between him and the frail looking masked man, twisting as he deflected barely visible missiles of kinetically charged air. He got close and established his favourite grip.

Billy followed soon after. His target was a burly man with a face of a honey-badger. Billy reached to his pocket, pulled something out of it, and threw it at the villain's face. The latter instinctively tried to block it. Too bad for him, it was just a banana peel used as a feint. The real attack followed soon behind it. Billy's dropkick struck the opponent right in his unprotected torso.

Weiss in the meantime cornered a female that was desperately trying to get out of the way of the student's attack, but on the cramped roof, there was no place to avoid the oversized hand of justice reaching for her.

It looked as if the battle would be swiftly over…

----------------------
	

-"Hmm… So that's where ya went with those kids, Ippon-kun. Seems like an easy fight. Can't have that. Ya need some proper challenge!"

Mauler stood in the middle of the street with a mask already on his face. People avoided him, unsure whether he's a villain or a hero here to back up those on the roof. The oncoming truck however was unable to do it in time. The driver tried to swerve out of the way, and maybe he'd succeed if Mauler acted like a normal person and stood still or tried to avoid it.

However, Mauler did the opposite thing. He extended his arm and clotheslined the oncoming vehicle, instantly stopping it in place. He didn't care about the man inside smashing his face on the steering wheel and losing consciousness. He just walked over to the front doors, ripped them out, and then pulled out the seat from inside it. With it in hand, he looked up, and using the energy absorbed from the crash, leaped straight on top of the roof.

----------------------
	

-"Good job, kids, now tie them up and let's get them delivered to the police."

-"Koh, already on it, sen-"

Billy was unable to finish that sentence. The last thing he saw that night was a shadow of a massive object coming in his direction. Before he could react, he got blasted away, hitting the wall near the roof entrance and blacking out.

-"OH MY GOD!"

It's Mauler with a truck chair! Weiss didn't get to do much more than alert her teacher to this situation. Thrown like a fastball, the massive improvised weapon blew her off her feet. 

-"I thought ya've had it too easy today, Ippon-kun, so I thought, I'll join the party."

Ippon didn't answer his nemesis' taunt, instead just took his stance and looked at the state his students were in, trying to find some solution to the situation at hand.

-"What, ya so worried about them? Here ya go then!"

Mauler grabbed the Billy lying nearby by the leg and flung him at Ippon. The teacher had to take two steps back to catch the unconscious student before he could fall off the roof. With a last-minute interception, he managed to gently and securely place him next to the already apprehended villain. 

This was however the opening that Mauler needed. With one hand, he grabbed Weiss as if she weighted nothing and shot his takedown at Ippon, diving under his arm and swinging the student into the teacher's arms. Now he was behind them and wrapping both of them in a bear hug.

-"Catch!"

Was the last word that Mauler shouted, before arching backwards, and performing a double german suplex right off the edge of the roof.

As they plummeted downwards, Ippon desperately tried to break the grip on himself and Weiss. He managed to do it, separating them from Mauler at the last moment. A moment too short, for him to fully prepare the breakfall that would save his student and keep him fighting fit. He made his choice.

----------------------
	

Mauler stood over the unconscious Ippon. The sound of the impact suggested broken ribs. The girl, however, seemed perfectly fine. Mauler, of course, also walked out of this unscraped. The giant man just sighed.

-"Ehh… Ya need to work on your priorities in a tag-team match, Ippon-kun. I've had to run last time, so I'll count that as my loss. And since I won this time, it's a draw. We'll have our tiebreaker soon, but next time, ya better be prepared!"

Mauler turned away, and walked into the darkness of the back alleys, while hiding his mask in a pocket of his trousers. In the background, police sirens blared, the public servants already on their way to contain the scene.