Original Post: [>>46919916](https://warosu.org/vt/thread/46872075#p46919916) [>>46921957](https://warosu.org/vt/thread/46872075#p46921957)
***
Vox
>at first taken aback he has to bottom, is crying and whimpering when he has to take it up the ass but within an hour is already shaking his hips back and forth like a whore
Mysta
>goes in with a lot of spunk and bravado and ends up choking on the first cock because it's far bigger than he anticipated and gets slapped and spanked around

im too tired someone else continue 

***
same but i want it with somehow lore accurate mob rape! luca can get raped by some rival mobsters. vox can get drugged and get milked by his sex cult, that or i want him to be used like a war trophy by soldier goons that burnt his village. the paper dolls shu has make me think of puppet possession so like someone can get a hold of it and control him. mysta investigates something he wasn’t supposed to and gets gangraped by criminals. ike with either some eldritch horror or it’s instead him gently grooming a shota.
sexcat can get molested by drunk ojisans messing around his combini or even some powerplay with some cop that caught him while he was a phantom thief. wife can have various stuff inserted in him while he’s limbless and vulnerable on surgery for his cynets(badend would be him being nonconsensually modified to be the legion’s breeder) uki gets assaulted by either the paranormal kids/handlers in the institute, sanni gets either peer pressured by his bara vsf senpais or he breaks into a sex ring and gets overwhelmed by dozens of drugged out shotas needing his dick.
kyo gets pumped full of blue moon magic cum by his glowy clones (plus points if he gets fucked out until he’s half dead but the moon cum gives him immortality and heals him), ren can get freaky alien sex, aster gets groomed by some researcher/scientist to be his personal femboy cumsleeve.
pio gets gangraped while in prison and he disassociates imagining him being with the voices in his head instead, ver gets blackmailed by a senpai for sex/club money, hex gets gets lured to help out some ‘sad’ sack of shit but ends up being fucked and emotionally manipulated to stay in some toxic relationship where he gets pimped to be used as some gas station prostitute.
gamerwave are french shotas that got fucked on the daily by ricky tasmania until their quotas are reached and they can finally debut
