#Daddy's Girl
The bus drives away, leaving you to walk the last two streets in the suburbs. Its a nice spring night, the right amount of cool breeze keeping you company.
As you walk, the only sound you can register aside from your footsteps is the sound of the plastic bag in your hand hitting your suitcase,You bought some sweets as an apology for your overtime, and a quick check of your old watch tells you its 11:15 pm.
An hour late, so you pick up the pace, finally arriving to your house. You fish for your keys in your pocket and open the door, fully expecting to see your wife's sweet face
Instead, something hits you square in the stomach, followed by another thing in your stomach, knocking the air out of you. Thankfully you remember those Judo lessons you took almost 20 years ago and go limp, avoiding a concussion or a broken spine
''DADDY!''
''DADDY IS BACK!''
''Heeey girls! its meee!!'' you want to say, but the lack of air and the combined weight of two seven year olds girls makes it sound a little bit like ''ahegw buweh fee''. The two small wolf eared girls giggle and hug you. if it wasnt because they share your hair color, they could have been easily mistaken for a  pair of small Mio clones, except with Pigtails in Nino's case and a single ponytail in Cyno's.
''Girls your father needs to breathe, please step back'' an angelical voice comes from inside your house, and as the girls whine and free your ribcage and stomach, you take a look at Ookami Mio. The years you have been together have done next to nothing to make her less beatiful in your eyes, and she's still the only woman you can look after almost 17 years of a happy marriage. Sure there are a few wrinkles in her face (mostly from smiling so much) and body,and sure she has sagged a bit, but that just makes her more desirable in your mind. Right now, she's watching you with a happy smile, arms crossed and belly bulging, another bun in the oven. 
''I just dont have words'' Chocosen's voice echoes in your head ''are you two aiming for a football team or what?''
But enough of daydreams. You stand up and enter your house, closing the door behind you as the twins orbit you, taking turns triying to tell you a story about their day. Mio just sighs and dusts your shoulders off, before you embrace her in a sweet kiss
''Bleh'' you hear, and you and your wife cant help but smile
The culprit looks at you from the kitchen's door, her big glasses and droopy wolf ears alongside her middle school uniform betray her identity
''Hello sweetheart'' you open your arms and Spica smiles, closing the distance and joining the three person hug, that after a second becomes a five person hug thanks to the twins
You give Spica the sweets and shoo her away, as she takes the twins to the kitchen with her
''Anything happened while i was out?'' you ask Mio, as you finally take off your shoes and she hangs your suitcase and coat on the hanger
''Not much, i streamed for a bit while the girls were out'' she says, walking with you to the kitchen, where the girls are preparing the table ''Fubuki and Kurokami visited for a bit...oh and towa called for some parenting tips but nothing else''
Before you can talk, Spica betrays her
''Mom and Siri had a fight''
Mio closes her eyes and frowns, clearly caught in the act
''Dont snitch on your mother next time'' you point to your daugther. The thirteen year old girl just shrugs and starts putting the plates on the table, as Mio signals you to the hallway
You exit the kitchen and Mio closes the door behind her
''What happened?'' Mio sighs at your question and twirls her hair a bit
''She's just being...difficult'' you nod as she continues in a low voice ''I didnt want you to get home after a long day at work and have to deal with this''
You chuckle and give her a small kiss on the forehead
''Heat up the food, im gonna talk to her''
Mio nods, and kisses you back on the lips, before going into the kitchen
You take a breath and go up the stairs of your precious house. You pass the twins rooms, Spica's room and the guest room across your own bedroom
''please dont let the next one be a boy'' you silently pray ''if he gets a room for himself the girls will skin me alive''
Finally you arrive at the last door. It has a rather crude paper sign pasted onto it
-> FUCK OFF <-
you roll your eyes and knock twice on it, awaiting for the response
nothing
''Siri? its me, dad''
you knock again
nothing
''Sirius Ookami, dont make me knock a third timeeee''
*Click*
The door opens a bit and the right eye of your oldest daughter greets you
At first glance, she could be pretty much a copy of her mother, except with brown eyes. Of course you know that isnt true. Not only is her hair messier than her mother's (which is why she keeps it short) but she also has a beauty mark under her right eye.
In fact, anyone willing to pay attention to your lovely daughter could tell her nose is a little bit bigger, her eyes are more slanted and her teeth are way sharper than your wife's
''Can i come in?'' you ask, she doesnt say anything and closes the door, before the trademark sound of the chain on the inside being removed
The door opens once more and you step in.
The first thing you see is the big Mandala flag behind your daughter's bed, alongside of it a bunch of posters and shelfs full of trinkets that make you cringe a bit, since they are mainly skulls and other edgy things
''Let her express herself a bit'' Mio's voice echoes in your head ''or didnt you get hurt when subaru told you that your gunplas where lame?''
Finally you turn around, and hiding behind the door is Sirius, your sixteen year old girl.
She has short hair,with the tips dyed purple, her black shirt and shorts, and is currently wearing way too much black eyeliner and lipstick for someone in her pajamas. To top it off she hasnt taken off her fishnet gloves.
Despite all of this...tryhardness, you can help but see your baby girl as the most beatiful girl in the world.
''What's wrong princess? got into a fight with wolf mom?'' her ears get flat on her head and she averts her eyes. You sigh, walking up to the bed and sitting on it, patting the spot next to you. Siri follows you and sits next to you, a soft sniffle coming out of her
''You are gonna get mad'' she finally speaks, and you cant help but find it adorable
''well that's up to me to decide isnt it?'' she snorts''Now what happened with your mom?''
''She just...'' she starts and then groans, putting her head inbetween her hands'' She doesnt get it...''
You make a sound to let her know you are listening, and she just puts her head on your shoulder
''I, huh, we fought because... she doesnt get im no longer a kid''
A part of you freezes in terror. Did Mio caught your baby girl with a boy? or a girl? or both? your cute princess is capable of getting both if she wanted... you are gonna have to change the locks and install cameras, then invest in a shotgun and shotgun shells...maybe call botan just to get sure you are n-
''Daddy you are making that stupid face again'' she tells you with a frown, before sighing ''No i dont have a boyfriend''
''Oh, uh, that's good to know'' you answer, feeling like a weight is lifted off your shoulders ''anyway please go on''
Siri clears her throat and continues
''Well... its almost your birthday... and mom wanted to give you a gift...'' she keeps trailing off and you can see her starting to blush a bit '' and so i went and figured out you needed a new watch since yours is so old''
you hum, silently whishing you could have a camera to record your now red like a tomato daughter
''and...and...i found one and mom bought it... and she said it was from all of us..''her voice starting to ramp up, clearly letting her frustation out''BUT SHE DIDNT LET ME PUT ANY MONEY ON IT...AND I WORKED HARD FOR IT...I GOT A PART TIME JOB SO ITS NOT DADDY'S MONEY BUT SHE DOESNT CARE AND SHE TOLD ME IT WASNT A BIG DEAL BUT IT IS A BIG DEAL BECAUSE NOWADAYS ALL YOU DO IS PAMPER HER AND THE GIRLS AND YOU NEVER TAKE ME OUT OR CUDDLE WITH ME DESPITE ME BEING YOUR PRINCESS AND I HATE THAT OTHER GIRLS CALL YOU LAME BECAUSE THEY DONT HAVE YOU AS THEIR DAD AND OTHER GIRLS SAY YOU ARE CUTE AND THAT MAKES ME MAD AND...AND AND...'' she finally slows down, breathless after her long winded rant, tears at the edge of her eyes, clearly on the verge of a watershow
You can help but smile, as you embrace your daughter,pretending you cant hear her sniffles. You truly are lucky for having such a loving family
''Its okay princess.. im sorry for neglecting you'' she hugs you tighter and mumbles something about homewreckers ''Its very cute that you want to chip in, but you need to understand your mother didnt mean anything about this''
you break the hug and she nods, sheepishly. Satisfied, you take her hands and squeeze her
''now, lets clear that cute face of yours, you are gonna go down, apologize to your mother and we will have dinner as a family''
''Do i have to?'' she pouts
''Yes you have to'' you say, as you stand up. ''Your mother feels like its her fault and is blaming herself''
that seems to reach to her, as she sniffles once more before nodding
''Alright, lets go darling'' she pouts once more and holds her hand up
''carry me''
You sigh, full knowing that your back is gonna kill you tomorrow
''Fine, come here''
Siri giggles as you huff and puff, carrying her princess style downstairs.