#An eternity in a White Room. Part 1/4

(I've decided for the sake of my own convenience, becauese almost everything else I've seen used Hiki or Hikiko for Mari, I'll call Omori Haru Kiko.)

Welcome to White Space. You've been living here for as long as you can remember.

The two of them woke up. Omori, and Kiko. Woke up in White Space. This was their home, as always. They enjoyed living here, even if there wasn't much to do. Although, they never really wanted to do much in here. Simply enjoying each others company. But today wasn't going to be a day like that. They wanted to visit their friends. Aubrey, Kel, Hero, and Basil. Mari was also waiting for them...Omori couldn't wait to see her again.

Kiko enjoyed these dreams. They weren't meant for her, but being here with her brother made them some of the best dreams she had. Besides, they were better than the nightmares she would have. White Space was...inviting. Something about this place was everything she could ever want. A place, where nothing could hurt them. Where everything they could want is in an arms reach. Were she could be with her twin. Her other, better half...

They were just resting there. They needed to be getting into Headspace, through the door, but...something about this was too enjoyable. Staring at the blank sky, touching the top of their heads together...at this rate, they might just spend the whole dream like this. Kiko wouldn't mind, and Omori wouldn't really mind, either. But, eventually, Omori got up first, and Kiko lazily pulled herself up as well. Hand in hand, they entered into Headspace.

The neighbors room awaited them. In the center, they saw three of their friends, playing cards. Kiko wondered who was wining right now. She didn't really want to interrupt their game, but seeing as Kel would be looking right at them if he looked up, she knew it was inevitable. Eventually, Kel did look up, and saw the monochrome twins, their blank stares projecting at the three of them.

"Oh hey, Omori! Kiko!" Kel yelled out, pulling himself up, and running right through the cards, scattering them. Aubrey was annoyed, while Hero didn't mind, facing the two of them. "You two are out a lot earlier. Usually you sleep in there for a lot longer." Omori nodded. They almost did that again. Aubrey, upon seeing Omori, picked herself up, and ran over. "Omori! I'm happy you came out today! Wanna join in our game?" Omori nodded, and walked Kiko over to the cards with him. She didn't want to play, she was always bad at this.

So Omori, Kel, Hero, and Aubrey played some cards. She just sat by her brothers side, hoping Aubrey wouldn't get too jealous. Kiko never really knew what to think of Aubrey. She was usually all over Omori, and took him away from her...Kiko knew it was selfish to keep her brother all to herself, but still. She had him near her all the time, yet it was never enough for her. The moments where she had to be truly separated from her brother, and couldn't see him for possible hours were...unbearable, at times.

She didn't really pay much attention to the game. Omori was too busy concentrating to really pay attention too her. Eventually, it seemed that Omori lost. He ended up picking up his cards, and pointed towards the exit. "Oh, we should go see Mari, right?" Hero asked. Omori nodded. Kiko always wondered if there was a reason her brother never spoke. It didn't really bother her, if he was silent, then she could be as well. Mute twins sounded nice...

"Here, I'll carry the rest of them." Hero said, picking up the mess of cards. Kel was already running towards the stairs, ready to go out. Aubrey helped Hero pick up, and Kiko was heading for the door, already. Omori just watched them all. "Hey, Omori, let's go!" Kel had run over and grabbed his arm, so Omori had no real choice but to follow. Kel and Omori went out first, Kiko following. Hero and Aubrey would soon be out, too.

A part of Kiko wanted them to go north, to the beach, but after Omori saw something he didn't like, they've been avoiding it for a while now...shame. She liked making sand castles. They headed south of the stump, and went into the playground. Some of the others were already playing. Berly and Van were playing tetherball, as usual. To their right, however, they saw her. Mari...she was setting up a picnic, like she knew they were coming. She pulled out sub sandwiches, and was busy setting them up.

Basil was there. He had the photo album, and seemed to be chatting with Mari. Before they could wave at her, Kel yelled out "HEY! MARI, BASIL!" causing Omori to jump slightly. Kiko was more used to it, but that was going to leave a ringing in her ear. Mari and Basil waved them over, and they all sat down on the picnic blanket, enjoying their sandwiches. Hero Sandwiches...Hero's sandwich...Kiko rapidly shook her head. She shouldn't think like that. Omori looked at her oddly, and she just hoped he couldn't read her mind. She was certain he couldn't read her face.

"Well, since you're all here...can I ask a favor?" Basil said. They all looked at him, and he smiled slightly. "The flowers in my garden need a lot of care today, since I kinda...slept through yesterday." He said, weirdly evasively. Omori tilted his head at this, slightly confused. "I know, that's not really like me..." Basil shyly admitted. Hero responded, "Hey now, you tend to that garden every day, you probably overworked yourself. All the more reason to help." Kel pouted. "Aww, what? I don't know how to take care of flowers! And I wanted to play with Omori today." Aubrey looked more down. "I can try, but I don't know if I can..."

"Oh, that's okay everyone! You won't have to do that much." Basil tried to alleviate the two's fears. "Kel, you can take care of the cacti, and Aubrey, Omori can help you." That seemed to relieve both of them, although Hiki was a little upset that she was so quickly sidelined for Aubrey. Mari seemed to notice this. "Now now, Kiko! She said, patting her younger sisters head. That made Kiko pout a little less, but still...

Out into the garden they went. They past by the kids playing at the park. She saw Happy playing hop scotch, Brows had a mouth, and thus was always screaming. Bangs seemed to look at the group passing by, but didn't pay them much attention. Berly and Van stopped to look at them for a moment, before going back to tetherball. Ren and Shawn were staring at the sky, Nose was going down the slide. Nose, goes! Kiko thought to herself, and almost giggled. They passed by the mailbox, which never had any mail. Always lots of activity in the park...

The Vast Forest was always nice. Kiko enjoyed taking walks through it, especially with Omori, and their friends. Sure, the rabbits could be a bit viscous, but they were pretty weak. And besides, she just had to hold her cleaver up to her cheek, and flash the most wickedest smile she could, and most creatures in the Vast Forest would flee for their lives. Although, it tended to scare her friends, so when they were around, they just stomped the bunnies. Much to Aubrey's occasional dismay.

Here they were, the pathway to Basil's house. Small gardens, filled with flowers lined the place. Flowers of all kinds filled the plots, each one having a unique flower, for all of them. One for Kel, Hero, Aubrey, Mari, Omori, and Basil. She didn't get one...Basil said it was because there genuinely wasn't enough space, but it still stung. Was she not that important to him? Hmph...

Eventually, they all begun tending to their respective flowers. Kel went to work with his cacti, having a vague idea of what to do. Hero started working on the lilly's of the valley, and would probably move to his when he was done. Basil took it easy, but still worked on his Sunflowers. Aubrey was happily having Omori help her with the Gladiolus's, and Kiko couldn't help but occasionally give jealous glance every now and then, as she tended to the white tulips.

Basil's sunflowers. Always facing towards the sun....being...able to look forward at the light...and not back, at the darkness...
Mari's lilly of the valley flowers. Warding off evil, help see a brighter future...she wondered if she could be that for Omori...
Hero's roses...So many variates, so many meanings...she couldn't be as wonderful and loved as Hero, but if Omori liked her for what she could do...
Aubrey's Gladiolus. Strength of character, honest, with strong moral values...She could protect Omori, If she could only be a stronger person...
Kel's Cacti. Sturdy, resilient, not needing much care, and able to survive in impossible conditions. She guess that both her and Omori were like that..
And of course, Omori's white tulips. She was caring for them, while Omori was being dragged around by Aubrey.
"Plain, simple, and bulbous...like Omori! I don't know...I just think it's cute."
Basil was right about that. They were pretty cute...was she biased? I mean, they were supposed to represent her twin brother, so maybe she is biased.

Plenty of time passed, and all the work had been done. The flowers looked perfectly fine, and even Kel seemed to get pumped by all of this towards the end. Even if he got pricked by his own cacti, Aubrey had a laugh about that, and even Kiko slightly smiled when she realized what hapepned. Omori was cliff-faced as usual, though...Kiko sized this chance to wrap an arm around his. When Aubrey noticed she started pouting, and Hero had to remind her that she had Omori all day. Which probably wasn't enough for her, Kiko thought with a surprising amount of venom.

But, they were tired. It was a long day. And they were all tired...Kiko wanted to go back to White Space. She started pulling on her brothers arm, and he understood. They all headed back to the park, and rested on the picnic blanket for some snacks Mari somehow had in the picnic basket.
Eventually, Omori yawned, and Kiko followed not too soon after. "Oh, it was a busy day for you all, wasn't it?" Mari smiled. "You two aren't the best at lots of work like this. You probably need some sleep." Kel pouted again. "But it was barely a whole day! We can't spend more time with Omori?" Aubrey joined. "Omori, we were going to play more cards up here, weren't we? All seven of us!" But Hero and Mari calmed them down, and assured them they'd be back soon. Omori nodded, and so did Kiko at that.

All seven of them went to the Neighbor's room. Omori put his hand on the doorknob. "Wait, before you go." Mari interrupted. The twins turned around, only for Mari to pull them into a great big hug. "You two...I cannot ever explain how precious you two are to me...I'm so happy I have you in my life..." Mari sounded...really sad. Why was that? Even Kiko felt something tugging at the corner of her eyes...
Eventually, Mari let go, slightly embarrassed by that. "Sorry...sometimes you two spent so much time in there, I start to miss you..."
Omori lowered his head, and Kiko did too. They did spent a lot of time in White Space...often days at a time. Their friends probably really do miss them, so that's why today was so important. They could only spend so much time with the twins, before they locked themselves away again.

Kiko felt saddened...their friends really do care about them. She felt twinges of guilt for how she often treats Aubrey, whenever she takes her brother away...Kiko spends so much time with him, and Aubrey only gets so much...She'll try to be more kinder to Aubrey next time.
Finally, the two waved goodbye, and so did their friends, as they entered White Space.


...It was the same as always. Mewo was still sleeping, nothing moved since they left it, it was home.
...Omori and Kiko stood in the center of it all for a moment. Kiko stared at her brother who seemed apprehensive, as always. She knew this part hurt him. It hurt him to see. She was a little scared with how fine she was with it. As long as they could do it together...she was always fine with it.
Omori looked at her, his eyes held a deep sadness in them, as always. She pulled out her cleaver, and held it to her stomach. Omori, reluctantly, did the same, but looked away, keeping his attention and focus on the knife. Kiko looked directly at him, wanting this to forever be seared into her mind. What did she get out of doing this, every time? She didn't really know...but she didn't want to look away. Maybe she was doing this so if her brother ever did this for real, she would be prepared...prepared to do what comes next.

...

...

The twins woke up in their bed. Haru quickly wrapped her arms around her brother, hugging him for dear life. She wanted to confirm he was still alive. He was fine. He was here. He hugged her back, probably feeling the same.
Why did she feel so bad right now? She was used to it, why did it still hurt her?
She was barely able to pull away, and looked her brother right in the eyes.
It often felt like looking in a mirror. He probably felt the same. If he was a mirror, would he also share her wants?
"..Together?" She pleaded, a bit more desperate then she intended.
"Together." Sunny responded.
She relaxed a little, and went back to hugging him. He would be here with her. Never would a day come where they would be separated forever.
They were like a mirror, after all. A reflection can only exist with someone to reflect it. Without him to reflect her, she would no longer be able to exist. And perhaps the other way around, too. Maybe he wouldn't be able to exist without her...
Neither of them wanted to lose anything else, least of all each other. When Mari died, it shattered them. The would never go through that again.
They would never allow the other to go through that alone.

After what felt like an eternity, they finally let go. It was 6 in the morning...they were probably hungry, since they slept all day.
Sunny and Haru finally got up, to make some microwave steak. Their favorite, and often only food.
