Aiming your binoculars towards the open clearing of brushes, you spot your target near the flowing river. A tall, muscular wolf man with a midnight black furry coat.  He was a member of the local tribe of wolf people that you have been assigned to study for the past months. It pays pretty well in contrast to the other jobs you took in the past.
Besides all you have to do is sit around and look at wolf people all day and take notes on what they do.
Taking a bite out of the jerky you stored in your bag. You sit up and readjust your binoculars.
In particular, a specific furry member has caught your attention the most.
The wolfman you dubbed “Suuko.”
What you learned so far from the group of tribal people was that Suuko was treated as some sort of outcast or member in the lower part of their hierarchy.
Your best guess is the reason behind that was the color of Suuko’s coat. 
In the whole tribe of 60 members, he was the only one with a black coat. Usually, you would either see members of the tribe with a unique coat color treated as a sign from their gods or a bad omen from them. Based on Suukos responsibilities he was treated as the later.
He was often forced on scouting missions and to chase smaller, less worthy prey to bring back to the tribe.
All to be forced to eat scraps from the previous hunt.
Other than this exciting part of their society, another thing about Suuko has caught your eye.
Compared to the other males in the tribe, he was attentive on cleanliness and liked to adorn himself with jewelry. For example, a unique necklace made out of polished pointy animal bones or an anklet of stones on his ankle.
A sleek maw aligned with sharp white teeth. Piercing charcoal colored pupils with accented his charming wolfish eyes. Angular yet brawny chest stood at attention overflowing with a tribal vigor with two black nipples appearing through the clean fur. Thick meaty but supple thighs held to support this apex predator of this ecosystem. The one thing that drove you crazy was the loincloth he wears. Comparative to the other male member's shorts he opts for a sheet that hangs in front of his privates and the back of his ass with side ties on the waste. It was an extremely teasing outfit for him to wear. Which made you wonder.
He was an outstanding looking male. 
For a wolfman anyway.
Why would he go out of his way to keep himself so prim and proper all the time?
You see you have figured it out about a week ago.
Suuko here has a favorite pastime that he likes to do when he is by himself.
Watching Suuko from afar you see him frantically check his surroundings before untying his loincloth and taking off his jewelry.
He steps into the surging river to clean off of the daily gunk and dirt that has accumulated throughout the hunt.
Seeing him splash himself with the new sparkling liquid matting his fur down on his muscular body.
Rubbing the water into his thighs slowly, it kinda feels like he is giving you show.
After finishing the scrubbing, he squats down to douse himself completely with water before scurrying out of the river.
He briskly shakes his coat dry from the remaining droplets of water.
Doing this almost every day seems meticulous. But it seems to be an established routine for him.
He begins the next part of his act, which is the stretching.
Standing in a wide-legged stance, he begins to bend over, giving you a gracious view of his ass.
Touching the ground with his hands, he begins to change positions into a downward doggy stance.
You can feel your pants get tight from arousal. The show he is putting on is surely driving you mad.
It’s been a while before you last satisfied your urges since you came out here on this assignment.
As he finished with his stretches, you can see his tail start to wag energetically. It seems like his favorite part of the day is finally here.
He crawls over to his animal skin knapsack to pull out an almost phallus shaped polished object.
That’s right. He crafted his own dildo. A very crude one but a dildo to satisfy his urges.
Turns out Suuko here is a butt slut. An erotic discovery but an interesting one at that.
Suuko begins to energetically suck on the dildo. Priming it for its intended use.
You can tell he is excited from this act from a growing erection from his penis.
By the time he’s finished lubing up his dildo a large red penis is exposed from his sheath and is already dripping pre-cum.
Finding a nearby boulder to support himself on he gets into position to ride his favorite object.
In a low squat to angle himself to spread his leg enough to give him balance to comfortably bounce on the polished dick. Almost in a squatting cowgirl position.
Luckily for you, he gives you the full view of the action he’s about to perform.
As he prods his quivering hole with the object, he lets out a low whine before escalating further onto the fake penis.
Taking the full length of the dildo was child’s play for Suuko. He practiced nearly every day to reach this point.
He begins to eagerly bounce on the shaft like a pro. Not too far for the dildo to slip from under him and not to short for him not to get any pleasure.
This act makes you stay up at night thinking about the wolfman bouncing on your cock. You want to feel that masterful use of his greedy hole on your meat stick. 
Tuning back into the desperate display of lust, you noticed that he is reaching in full swing of things.
You see his bulging red cock flop up and down from the violent movements he is making from the dildo ride.
Trails of precum are splattering everywhere as he is leaking like a faucet.
Loud, deep grunts echo from the strong wolfman. The sounds of his pleasure fuel your need to fuck this man into your bitch.
You can tell he’s close to climax. 
He’s doubling his efforts to reach that feeling he likes so much.
He slams down on the dildo one final time, hilting it fully into his ass.
Releasing a loud howl from the stimulation, he hit his peak.
His throbbing canine penis begins thumping erratically before shooting out streams of vicious white liquid from his tip.
Riding the ebbs of his orgasm, you watch him lean down and begin licking the white substance off the ground.
The lad has one hell of a submissive streak in him. 
Compared to how he acts in the tribe compared now is like night and day.
He’s usually stubborn and overtly aggressive to others, but here he is licking his own cum off of the ground.
I want him. 
No, I NEED him.
He is perfect.
Suuko removes himself from the dildo and begins cleaning up again.
Adorning his loincloth and his jewelry he starts to move forward to accomplish his mission for his tribe.
This is the exact moment you were waiting for. 
A chance to claim the fruits of your labor.
Technically you are doing Suuko a favor. Freeing him from that unloving environment and putting him into one more fit for his interests.
Tonight is the night you strike.
----
A full moon is illuminating the dense forest with a pale white light.
Tracking the wolfman without alerting him of your presence was a hard feat.
He was constantly vigilant of his surroundings, which was a given since this is what he excels.
You noticed that he set up a camp further upwards on a small clearing. 
A raging fire was lit to provide warmth and a method of cooking his hunt he accomplished earlier today.
This was the chance for you to approach him for the first time. 
You were going to give him a drug to weaken his strength so he can’t resist when I make a move on him. 
He will utterly vulnerable to whatever you want to do to him.
This was a better alternative to the plan where you chained him up in his sleep. 
It was apparent that he was stronger and more lethal than you were, so you have to use other means to get what you want.
Suuko was finally relaxed upon small bedding he made for himself while he sat there and watched his food cook.
Hopefully, he isn’t too hostile to a stranger that is passing by looking for hospitality for the night.
That’s the story you are going with anyway.
You wait to move until he isn’t so tense.
Sneaking backward a few feet you began to call out to the direction of the campfire.
“Hello! Is anyone over there?” you shouted out
You hear a shuffling noise coming from that area.
“I mean no harm. I’m just looking for a place to spend the night!” 
“Show yourself!” you hear a deep yet loud voice call out to you.
Inching into to view with your hands up you show yourself to the agitated wolfman.
He looks at you with a sharp and tense glare — body poised with tension, ready to strike at any moment.
“Hi there.”
“What do you want?”
“As I said before, I’m just looking for a place to stay the night. It feels safer usually when you stay with someone else.”
“I don’t trust humans,” he said with a judging glance.
“That’s fine. How about I stay on this side of the fire and not step into your space?”
Suuko stares at you with a pensive glance before relaxing his body.
“Fine. But do not cross this side,” he says with a gruff tone.
“Great,” you respond.
Placing you pack down on the ground you sit on a nearby fallen log.
“So what tribe are you from?” you asked as you tried to play dumb.
Suuko doesn’t respond with an answer.
“I’ve met other members of the tribes around here, but I never saw a tribe with such a black coat.”
“Why do you speak so much human?” he snapped with anger.
You can easily read his emotions. He is having issues with his tribe members.
“Woah there I’m just curious. Usually, such a pretty color of the fur is often treated like a king within the tribe. Just want to know if I’m speaking to a leader of a tribe or not.” 
“You know nothing. Do not speak of which you do not know,” he responded.
“That’s fair.” you agreed with the brooding wolf.
A moment of silence brushed over the camp.
“I am from the Rougi tribe,” he mutters out to you.
“I see. That clears things up,” you say as you reach into your bag.
Pulling out a bag of dried jerky and a leather skin of water, you begin to eat your meal.
Suuko watches you eat your meal, obviously interested in what you are consuming.
You stretch out a piece of the dried meat to him offer him some hospitality, but he doesn't respond to your actions.
Taking a swig of water, you stare at the wolf that is glaring you down.
Once again offering some of your food and water, hoping to bait him into eating the relaxants to make him more docile.
He gets up from his sheet and moves over to take the food and water from your hands.
Staring down at you from this position, you can see his charcoal eyes reflect the campfire within them.
That stare he gives you makes you shutter like a piece of prey being watched by a predator.
You can’t wait until you see those eyes of his one you break him with your cock. Then we will truly see who is the prey and who is the hunter.
He makes quick work of the rations and continues to glare at you.
“That jewelry looks nice.”
Still no answer.
“Did you make it yourself? If you did, you have a real talent.”
“Yes. I crafted these myself,” he said with an almost bragging tone.
You can tell he is incredibly proud of his work. Maybe you can use this chance to play with him before the fun starts.
“Amazing. Can I get a closer look?”
Suuko huffs at your question which you can only assume is a yes.
Moving across the campfire, you approach Suuko slowly and as non-threatening as possible.
Getting closer, you can smell his earthy scent flooding your nostrils. He doesn’t smell bad at all.
Of course, admiring the jewelry is just something you came up with to get closer to the wolf.
“What an intricate design,” you say as you studied the necklace.
GEtting closer you took your hand to bring up to his chest. 
At first, you start rubbing the necklace, but then you began to stroke his chest gently.
“Have you made anything else?” you asked him without stopping your groping of his chest.
You hear his breathing start to get faster from your actions.
You hand stops at the short layer of fur covering his pecs.
Spotting two erect black nubs peeking out from the fur, you begin to target them with your fingers.
This elicited a moan from the black wolfman.
 Seems like he doesn’t hate what you are doing.
You knew he was just acting tough on the outside.
Suuko begins to start twitching from the pleasure you are sending to him from his nipples.
While you continue the fondling of the wolfman, you followed up with more questions about his tribal jewelry.
Wanting to test your limits, you took one hand to slide down his body to the inside of his thighs.
That seemed to wake him up from his stupor.
“What are you doing human?!” he says as he pushes your hands away.
Taking a step back, you try to distance yourself from the man.
“Alright, I guess I got all that I needed.”
You returned to your side of the camp and sit down.
Suuko is sitting there trying to get his head together. You should still have some more time before the drugs kick in.
So you sit and wait for a couple of minutes before standing up.
“Welp it’s time to get ready for bed,” you said as you begin taking off your shoes.
Looks like he is back to being vigilant again.
But that’s fine. You are about to give him a show that you know he can’t help but love.
Ripping off your jacket and shirt, you place them down near your bag.
Suuko sits there and stares at your body. 
The real show is about to start.
Unbuckling your pants, you slide out of them to fully reveal your body to Suuko.
“What are you doing human? Why are you naked?” he asks you with a weird expression.
“I’m getting ready for bed. I usually sleep like this.” you lied as you sat down on the log with your legs open towards   Suuko.
“Humans are weird,” he said as he made eye contact with you while occasionally breaking it to sneak glances at your penis.
You can feel your penis start to grow at the attention it’s getting from Suuko.
“Why are you getting a hard human? There is no female around for mating.”
“Who says there has to be a female around for me to get hard? Besides you can be mate instead.”
“D-Disgusting. Is this another one of your human customs?” he sputtered.
“No, this is something personal. I just find you attractive, and I want to mate with you. Is that weird?”
You know he can’t deny the fact of lust he has for cock, so that’s why you press so hard on this topic.
“Just...stay on your side of the camp...human,” he mumbles with a blush.
You start jerking your cock to the full mast while ogling the shy wolf that’s on the other side of the campfire.
Once he notices what you are doing, he begins giving you an attractive look before showing off more of his body.
The little slut is teasing you. You know he wants you, but you are pretty sure he would never cross that line in the first place.
Well. Time for a little push.
“It seems like I have left my waterskin over there. May I come over to get it?” you say as you continue stroking your thick penis with vigor.
“Sure...”
You walk over to stand in front of his face while jerking off.
This was a risky play. 
You are practically asking to get your cock bitten off.
But it seems like he has a different response to your action.
Looking down on him while he looks at your cock pointed in his face.
He seems to be in a daze.
You can feel him inhaling the scent of your sweat cock and balls.
Seems like your musk has made him drunk.
Dogs usually have a heightened sense of smell, but it seems like he really likes the smell of your junk.
Suuko swallows a mouthful of saliva before licking his chops.
You can see him pitching a tent beneath his loincloth.
“Hey Suuko can you pass me my sack.”
He ignored what you said to focus on the large piece of meat that’s hanging in front of his face.
Thrusting you dick forward slowly you boop him on the snout with your cock.
He jerks to life with the sudden action.
“Pass me my water sack, Suuko.”
“Tell me first before you poke me with that... thing.”
“I did, but you seemed a little distracted.”
“Foolishness human.”
“It seems like you want to mate with me too. Judging from your loincloth that you find me attractive also.
“Enough of this. Leave my camp human. I no longer welcome you here.” he stands up in a hurry but stumbles a bit.
Seems like the drugs kicked in already.
Pushing his face to the ground, he struggles to get free from your grasp.
“What did you do to me human!?”
“I just gave you a little something to relax. I’m not going to hurt you. I’m actually going to help you out.
“What do you mean by that you shameless bastard.”
Pulling his hips upward, you prop him up ass up towards you.
“I’ve been watching you for a while Suuko. I know you’ve been treated as an outcast by your village. And you were lonely. Comforting yourself by the river every day. You liked playing with your ass, but it’s seen as a disgrace as a warrior to be submissive to another man.”
“Then you do know that you are disgracing my honor now! Free me, Human, and I will let things end here.”
“I would let you go if that was what you truly felt. I know your secret.” you bend down to his ear to whisper. “You actually love being a submissive bitch.”
“Lies” Suuko hisses in anger.
“What great warrior would stay in a tribe that humiliates him so much. Any warrior with any sort of pride would at least leave the village. Yet you keep going back to scraps of old hunts and to go on pointless scouting missions. Are you telling me that’s your strength?”
You see his face scrunch up from sadness and anger.
“What do you know, outsider? I have duties to my ancestors that you have an idea about.”
“I do know that you don’t enjoy your current situation and that you have a pride that needs to be broken to find out what you truly want. I want to make you realize that even if everyone throws you away in this world, there will always be a spot with me that you can truly be yourself.”
You start untying his loincloth.
“W-What are you doing?”
“I’m giving you what you want,” you said as you started rubbing and groping his furry ass cheeks.
They were firm but with a healthy amount of fat to give it a nice springiness.
Spreading the butt apart you see a puffy black hole looking back at you.
Seeing it up close makes your dick jump with excitement.
Poking it a couple of times you feel Suuko thrash underneath your grasp to no avail.
“Stop it!” Suuko yelled at you.
Ignoring him, you began to inspect your treat closer before tasting it.
Running your tongue from his taint all the way to his puckered hole, you started to eat his ass.
“H-human...Why...” he says in between moans.
His tail is wagging from the stimulation you are giving him.
He trained himself well. Getting so happy from getting his butt licked.
Pulling away leaving a slimy saliva trail from his ass you answer curtly.
“I am getting you ready for the main event.”
Bringing your big throbbing cock up to his crack, you began to hotdog his bountiful ass.
“This is the ass I've been dreaming about.”
His soft fur is tickling your cock in the most arousing way.
You can’t take it anymore, you have to take him now.
Prodding his asshole, you prepare to stick it inside him.
“Ah, wait. I should fuck you like one of the females of your tribe.”
Climbing up, you get inside of a mounting position holding his upper body down while using one hand to use his waist as leverage to thrust.
Pushing your thick cock inside him, it was surely a tight fit. Spitting on your cock hopefully provided enough lube to ease this process along.
You hear him yip and groan from the sudden penetration of his hole.
“Slower...please..”
“Taking it slower as requested, you moved back and forth to get him used to the current length and girth before slowly pushing it in deeper.
“Fuck...” you hiss.
The tightness of his ass is divine. You can’t believe you didn’t do this sooner.
You continued your effort to get him used to your size until you finally hilted entirely inside him.
His insides were so warm and tight. The winking of his asshole provided a gentle squeezing motion.
He did such a good job that you rewarded him with a good boy.
“You are such a good boy! You took my cock well!.” you praised him while rubbing his back
Suuko is blushing while panting out of breath.
“Fuck you human,” he growls
Since he has enough energy to speak back, you figured he ready for you to move.
Sliding your cock out of him, leaving just the tip inside you feel the difference in temperature around your cock.
Eager to get back into the hot and slimy wet hole you start to piston your hips back into him/
Getting a nice rhythm going, you continue to pound his ass making a lewd smacking noise echo out throughout the forest.
“Isn’t this nice Suuko? You give me pleasure, and I give you pleasure in return. It’s like a puzzle, and we are two pieces that fit each other perfectly. ” you laughed.
“You are a twisted one human.” 
“If I am a twisted person, then you must be one as well.” you reach down between his legs to grab his throbbing cock that was leaking precum. “By the look of things, it seems like you are enjoying yourself so far.” 
You give his cock a quick few jerks to make him shiver from pleasure.
“But if you dislike it so much I will stop.”
Slowly pulling your cock out of the tight hole with a satisfying pop.
This makes the wolfman gasp.
“W-What are you doing.”
“I’m doing what you asked,” you said while groping his ass. “I’m not going to fuck you anymore.”
“You didn’t finish,” Suuko whispered under his breath.
“What was that? I didn’t hear you.”
“Y-You started to mate with me, but you did not finish.”
“Yea so?”
“Mating is not finished until alpha gives sperm to mate. It is the rule of tribe.”
"Oh, so you want me to cum inside of you.”
“N-No. I do not want it, but it is the tradition,” he said with a fluster.
“Ah, so it’s a tradition. Sorry but I don't want to mate with you unless you beg me.”
“What?! How arrogant for you demand me to beg.” he spits.
“I’ll gladly stop here. But just remember what you felt a little while ago. My large thick dick filling up your warm wet hole. That feeling of warm hot flesh was way better than that shitty dildo you use right? The best thing about the real thing is that I can fill you with my sperm.”
You see Suukos tail stand at attention at the mention of cum.
“That’s right. I can breed you just like a woman from your tribe.”
Leaning down into his ear, you began tempting him to the idea of it.
“I know you overhear the sounds of the female in your tribe getting bred by the males. Have you ever wonder what kind of pleasure they feel when alpha graces the females with their seed? Those moans and grunts of passion that you were denied.”
Moving back from his ear, you walked in front of his face so he can see you.
“Alas, you didn’t want to mate with a female but with another male which caused you to abstain from those activities. I can give you what you want, but you have to give me something in return.”
“W-W-What is it?”
Caressing his face with your hand, you guided his line of sight to yours.
“I  want you,” you said flatly. “I want you to become mine and mine only. Submit yourself to me, and I will teach you pleasures you never dreamed of.
Seeing yourself reflected in those charcoal eyes of his you tell that he wants to agree, but something is stopping him to.
“But my tribe.”
“Forget your tribe. It’s obvious that they do not want you nor appreciate your talents. However, I want every part of you. Leave them and come with me.”
A moment of silence covers the camp. He is thinking about his next words.
“Breed me,” he whispers
“What?”
“Make me your mate. I need you inside of me. I will be yours but please don’t tease me anymore.”
You begin to chuckle.
“Very good. I like it when you are honest. It’s time for your reward.”
Flipping him over, you lay him down on his back.
Getting into a missionary position, you line your cock up with his ass and begin to slowly push into him.
Both of you moan from the penetration. Thrusting forward you began to rub and play with his firm and toned abs that were tense from your movement in his ass.
“Yes...More...My alpha,” you hear Suuko yell out.
Obliging his request, you position yourself so that you can get a better footing so you can speed up.
Throwing your waist entirely into him, you began to sweat profusely from the act of sex. It didn’t help that the two of you were next to the campfire either.
In this position, you can feel him squeezing on you more ferociously. His insides feel like he is trying to devour your cock whole.
Being back up from weeks of following this slutty wolf had made you weak to his anal attacks.
Deep and guttural grunts mixed together with moans of ecstasy flew between you two.
You felt a pressure coming from your erratically throbbing cock. 
You know that you are going to come soon.
Suuko seems to notice the violent throbbing in his anus.
“My alpha. You are about to cum, yes? Do it in my hole. Breed me please, my alpha. Give me your seed.”
God, he knows how to push your buttons.
Doubling up your efforts, you began to slam into him violently.
Feeling that you can’t hold out anymore, you thrust deep inside one more time.
Placing your head into his chest the two of you hug each other trapping his cock between your bellies.
You feel his legs wrap around your waist as you begin to fire out hot and sticky load deep inside of his ass.
Suuko lets out a loud howl as he feels the hot cum splatter and coats his insides.
It wasn’t long until you feel his cock spurt, glazing your bellies with hot seed.
Riding off of the last ebbs of your orgasm you feel your dick push out the remaining shots of cum. 
Pulling your cock from his hole, you look down to admire your handiwork.
It’s easy to tell that you were backed up from the amount of cum oozing from his hole right now.
“Fuck..”
“Did you enjoy it, my alpha?” Suuko asks with a raspy voice.
It was apparent that he was tired.
“It was good my pet,” you said as you scratched his neck.
Getting up, you walk over to your bag to pull out another leather skin of water.
Taking a drank from the sack, you walk over to Suuko to let him drink from the bag.
Watching him drain the sack quickly, you warn him to drink it slowly.
“Thank you. my alpha.”
Laying down next to him, you stared up at the bright stars littering the sky.
Feeling him trying to move closer.
You dragged him over so he could snuggle up to you better.
Even though the two of you were covered in cum, nothing else mattered other than each other.
This job was totally worth it.
