#->Anon's Stalker<-
####->Chapter 1<-
######->[Ghoti](https://rentry.org/GhotiWriter)<-

>Later anthrostate timeline
>Society has cooled down and men's suffrage has made strides.
>Anthros no longer just pluck random men off the street.
>Most pairs are assignments or traditional dating.
"Yeah man I don't know. I delayed assignment because I'd rather find a girl the old fashioned way."
>"You want to date? I assume you would be swimming in girls if that were the case."
"no, I mean yeah, girls shoot their shot with me sometimes, I'm talking about the OLD fashioned way."
>"You mean like the decades after the troubles? Seriously?"
"Yeah. snatched up off a dark street corner by a big strong girl, the works."
>Later, via text
>"Hey man I was thinking about what you said. You weren't joking right?"
"Nope."
>"There's a girl I know that I think has been looking and might be into it. I guess I can't just send her your number or whatever. Are you really serious?"
"Tell her I'm going to see night of the long claws 3 on Friday at 10."
>"Isn't that the stupid borderline fetish werewolf flick where a dog girl turns into a werewolf and claims men? You are so cliche." 
"Tell her she's 'not invited' If you catch my drift"

>Friday comes and you're nearly shivering with excitement.
>The teller gives you a weird look when you stutter out the name of the movie, she probably thinks you're a pervert or something.
>To be fair, if your impending wife wants you right there in the theater there's probably going to be a mess she doesn't want to clean.
>Sorry lady.
>You get your ticket and skip concessions to go straight to the theater.
>You snuck snacks in your pockets, naughty boy.
>Who would seriously pay four bucks for candy bar though?
>You enter from the back and take your seat in the middle and see the only other occupant in the theater, a large anthro sitting near the front of the theater. 
>You cant make out the species but she's at least twice your size.
>Probably not a wolf, maybe a bear or a hippo? 
>Is this her? How much of the movie are you going to sit through before she makes her move? Does she already know you're in here? 
>The preshow advertisements aren't even done rolling and you're already vibrating with adrenaline.
>Will she take you then and there?
>Will she say something or just claim you without a word?
>When will she bite you? Maybe before? After? 
>You should have come prepared with medical gauze but hindsight is 2020
>The movie is just starting when you hear another patron shuffle into a seat in the row behind you. 
>As you look back you realize that it would spoil some of the fun if you saw her too soon so you quickly look forwards again.
>In the short glimpse you saw in the dark it was another anthro. She was shorter than most, probably about your height and skinny. 
>Shes going to ruin your moment, your new wife probably wont claim you right here if she has an audience. 
>You grumble and sink into your seat.
>The movie plays and you're only half way into the movie.
>The anthro anti-hero has already claimed a lumberjack in the forest, but she had turned into a big werewolf at the time and forgotten her actions after turning back.
>by the halfway point she had learned of her affliction and lost control again.
>now she is stalking a yuppie as he gets lost in the dark side streets of a city.
>He's literally you
>You're paying more attention to the girl sitting at the front of the theater.
>When will she make her move? 
>Eventually the story wraps up with the dog girl getting caught but her victims refuse to testify and there is no case against her.
>They all give her saucy looks during their time on the witness stand.
>They've really ramped up the fetish since the first movie in the series.
>The director knows her audience, you guess. 
>The credits start playing and the anthro stands up.
>This is it.
>Shes approaching.
>Your eyes have adjusted to the dark and you can see she's a huge moose.
>Easily three times your body weight.
>She walks right past you. 
>What?
>She makes her way to the exit and leaves without even acknowledging you.
>You look around the theater and you are alone and confused. 
>Will she take you on your way home?
>That would be so hot.
>Your excitement renewed, you leave the theater and begin walking home. 
>Your instincts tell you to look over your shoulder but your refuse. 
>You even make a detour through a dark alley. 
>This is the perfect moment.
>You can't help yourself and look back.
>Empty. Seriously? maybe is a species that is really good at hiding. 
>You get home unmolested, which unlike everyone else you think is a bad thing. 
>As you lock the door to your apartment you fish you phone out of your pocket and call your friend. 
>It rings several times and just before going to voice mail he picks up. "Dude, what?"
>He sounds very sleepy and unhappy.
"Nothing happened!" 
>"You know people usually wake up their friends to tell them something important happened right?" 
"Yeah well I went to the movies and nothing happened!" 
>"What are you talking abou- oh right the girl. I don't know man, maybe shes stalking you or something." 
"Well tell her to stalk... faster or something."
>"Ugh fuck you dude I'm going back to sleep." 
>The line goes dead.
>He didn't mean it but you deserved it.

>The next morning you plot out a different course for your morning run.
>A long trail along the river walk until you get into a worse part of town.
>That's to tire you out.
>Then a path that cuts through some side streets that you think should be quiet.
>Finished by a run back through a nearby park that is well forested. 
>The last two legs are probably the worst paths someone would take if he wanted to stay safe. 
>You send it off to your friend. "My new route for morning runs at 6. Send it to her."
>You didn't expect much on your first day. Your buddy probably wont even be up to send it to her before you're done. 
>A cat roller blades past you on the river walk. 
>People still do that?
>Various other species are going up and down the walk at their own pace but pay you no mind.
>The side streets are quiet as you hoped. 
>Too quiet being that you weren't getting snatched up by a giant wolf or bear.
>On the run back through the wooded tow path you see a greyhound sprinting towards you at full tilt. 
>She seems to notice your sudden fear and gives an apologetic wave as she passes. 
>She must be able to run four times your speed. 
>Too bad she wasn't it. 
>You get home knowing there was no time for your mysterious stalker to intercept you but you still feel let down.
>You check your phone to see two new messages from five minutes ago.
>"Alright it's sent."
>"Weirdo"
>Don't knock a man who appreciates a girl that can crush watermelons with any part of her body. 
>You spend all day imagining various buff anthro ladies covered in red watermelon gore.
>Tiger arms.
>Wolf claws.
>Gator jaws.
>Collie thighs.
>The morning after you're on your run again.
>Roller blading cat: check
>A huge doberman walking next to her husband showing off a gnarly claiming scar while pushing a double stroller with two healthy pups: lucky.
>After passing the family you become aware of someone running behind you.
>By the cadence of the footsteps there's no way that's a human, shes charging right at you!
>Is this finally the moment?
>She's already upon you!
>A cheetah blows by like shes about to win a gold medal.
>Darn.
>You are an anxious, horny wreck waiting for a moment that could come any time. 
>Side streets: still quiet.
>tow path: The greyhound passes you by again but this time instead of fear you only feel a minor sense of disappointment. 
>You get home, still frustratingly unmolested.