"Hey Basil." Came Kim's voice as she approached the kneeling gardener who was tending to his flowers. The sudden voice caused him to snap his head towards the voice's owner. "O-Oh. H-Hi Kim... What brings you here? heheh..." A soft smile spread across Kim's lips. "Well, I was thinking. And I'd like to teach you how to defend yourself." Basil blinked. "W-What?"
...
...
...
Kim held up her hands as both she and Basil trained. While at first Basil couldn't throw a punch, or rather, did throw one but it was weak. Overtime  however, Kim saw that Basil improved. Kim held up her hands as she felt Basil's fists hit them, each strike becoming more stronger than the last. Kim couldn't help but smile, she tought Basil how to defend himself. However, there was still one more lesson. "Alright, enough." Basil let out heavy breaths. "Now, fight me." Basil's eyes focused solely on Kim. "Huh?" He asked. "Fight me. That's the final lesson." She said, putting up her hands. Basil quickly backed up. "N-No! I can't! I won't hurt you K-Kim!" But Kim wasn't listening. She rushed him, throwing punch after punch as Basil tried to block them but half got through his defences. "Come on! You have to learn to defend yourself! JUST DO IT!" As if someone flipped a switch, Basil parried one of her strikes, catching Kim off-balance. Her shock was cut short as Basil's fist socked her square in the nose, making her fall back. Once she hit the ground, Basil realized what he did. Immedietly he went to check up on her, shaking her lightly. "K-K-Kim! I'm sorry! I'm so, so s-sorry!" Once Kim's eyes opened, she put a hand to where her face hurt. She then registered the feeling of warm liquid running down her lip. Touching it, she then looked at her fingers and saw red. Basil shook as tears brimmed in his eyes as he realized he just broke her nose. A light chuckle caught his attention. Looking at Kim, he noticed her beginning to laugh. Once she finally calmed down, Kim's grinning face turned to look at Basil's face. "Nice job, dude! You really knocked my dumb-ass out!" She said with pride as she punched his shoulder. Basil sat there, stunned before smilling. Soon, both teens laughed as they remained in their positions.
