So I've heard that pink cat has an insatiable urge to reduce herself to an erotic parody of a woman that exists purely as an incubation chamber for the children of any man that passes her by. Her entire character having been condensed into the metaphorical and literal "breeding machine" archetype, a perpetually encumbered milf of dramatic proportions rapidly approaching an uncountable number of birthed children. Word on the street is that Pink Cat constantly fantasizes about roaming the city streets as a fertility idol, her overstuffed womb would push in front of her a nearly comical amount, a measured 130 inch waist circumference, no article of clothing other than a droopy gown could even hope to completely cover her belly, but she doesn't want that regardless. According to local whispers, Pink Cat wants to expose as much stretched, tight, blushing red skin on her abdomen as physically possible, even more than her breasts. Pink Cat wants the entire world to see exactly how many children she can bare at once and encourage everyone to break her theoretical baby carrying limit. Taken from the dream interception of my astral projector friends who like Pink Cat, she has incessant wet fantasies about waking up one morning in a puddle of her own breastmilk, unable to even get out of her bed due to her impossible fecundity, she relishes in the concept of being made utterly helpless, immobile, dependent, and forfeiting all of her physical and even many of her mental privileges to her uninhibited desire for a constantly filled womb and all the side effects it entails. Mood swings, oversensitivity, nausea, and especially increased hunger. A couple little birdies told me that Pink Cat sometimes meditates to clear her mind, not for health of harmonic chakras, but for the sole purpose of allowing herself to be completely overtaken by a feral urge to sacrifice her own free will for the sake of the infinite erotic pleasures she would personally gain by being turned into a literal lust receptacle and semen recycling plant. To leave humanity behind and succumb to her base urges and obtain the status of "peak female" without any of the attached notions of sentience or free will, only those of fertility and motherhood. Are these rumors true? Can someone please confirm these?