#Kazen Uzumaki Relationship Chart

##**==Team 4==**
>Kiko Inuzuka
[spoilers]

>Itame Nanae
As much of an arrogant ass he can be, it's good to see someone else from Uzushiokagure as my teammate. It seems like day by day, I'm starting to forget certain things about the village, so its nice to have someone else to reminisce about life there before its destruction and understand what its like being a refuge. Itami is also one of the fastest ninja I've ever seen, and I have to admit he's a bit of a genius. That being said, he's also a self absorbed pretty boy with a temper and we come to odds pretty often.

>Remilia Orochimaru
Team 4's healer and my friend. Most girls would usually be afraid of snakes but Remilia will usually show me ones that she's found and rattle off snake facts, which makes her pretty cool in my book. Outside of training and missions though, I don't actually know her that well. She recently asked to grab something to eat with me after our next mission, I think I'll take her up on that.


##**==Team 1==**
>Natsuo Uchiha
I've heard many rumors of the legendary Uchiha Clan, so it was surprising to see a Jonin of his caliber lazing around on a rooftop eating chips before taking a nap. I guess if you're powerful, you've earned the right to live as you please and he's also apparently a pretty good sensei.

>D
He seems pretty confident in his kenjutsu if he's writing raps about it. Hopefully he can fight better then how he sings.

>Himari Miko
She seems pretty composed and polite, wonder if she gets tired of that. Although she isn't much of a fighter, the power to heal shouldn't be taken lightly. 

>Takeru Suzuki
I've heard some claim he's the fastest rookie in The Chunin Exams, I'd love to see what he's made of. I wonder how my Uzumaki Seals and the Flying Raijin Seals would interact?


##**==Team 2==**
>Osamu
Mysterious and a bit creepy, more so an intellectual type. Some say "knowledge is power" and that "the pen is mightier then the sword", but I have to question if knowledge can truly change people.

>Shimabukuro Fumio
Rumor is he became one with Nature, after years of seclusion in the forest. Emphasis on the "years", this guy's old enough to be my grandfather.

>Kichōna
Something's off about her but I'm not quite sure what. In any case she seems strong.

>Nodao-Douji
I've heard they allow her to carry liquor as a Genin since its one of her "ninja tools". Is her jutsu alcohol poisoning?  I wonder if my tags can seal that...


##**==Team 3==**
>Kamiko Karatachi
A Kirigakure Jonin, and their Jinchuriki. Would it be weird to ask to see her tailed beast seal?

>Masukuda Rarime
Some of the Uzumaki are said to develop amazing sensory abilities, not sure if I'm doing something wrong because I didn't detect her in the slightest. She looks like she had a rough childhood, being a master assassin at such a young age. It saddens me to think that some are so desperate for power, they'd even sacrifice their own child.

>Ichika Chinoike
I've heard the Chinoike Clan fell out of grace and was banished from The Land of Lightning. She seems pretty cheerful despite that but I know how difficult being stripped of your home can be. At least her clan still seems to have stayed together.

>Kita
Seems a bit timid, but people say he's well versed in Sealing Arts, I haven't met anyone else who specialized in it so I'd like to see his technique.


##**==Team 5==**
>Ezaki Tuto
The mysterious mummy looking Jonin. I heard he used to be on the same team with Kiko Sensei.

>Jin Hyuga
The Hyuga Prodigy, I've never fought a Taijutsu specialist so he might be a bit trickier to seal but it shouldn't be an issue for my Adamantine Chains.

>Shinrō Kamotai
Some sort of ninja monk. Divine Arts users are always such a pain, but I doubt he's equip to seriously affect my Curse Arts.

>Yuma Kouda
A spoiled brat with some sort of dōjutsu. She's rumored to be the weakest rookie.


##**==Team 6==**
> Tsugumi
[WIP]

>Ghidorah
A Poison Style user who's body emits poison, his technique might give my Sealing Tags trouble. Although I usually can seal objects, non chakra based liquids and gasses are new territory for me. 

>Junki Takenaga
Legends speak of Wood Style users with amazing sealing jutsu, I'd hope I'd get to see some.

>Sen Yamamoto
[WIP]