#ENDURANCE
##->TRAINING<-

**Inspired By:** https://youtu.be/jbejN4eP4Zo

It was a calm night at the nearly uninhabited residence of Baelz Hakos. With her family gone, this made it a perfect day for her Ring Fit stream despite her essentially living in her parents' shed. Though it was a little odd since her parents put her in that shed just so she wouldn't be so noisy around them anyways. This only made it even more confusing when she told you this personally as you two were finishing your early breakfasts. It was easy to explain it away as part of her "zoomer quirkiness" and just not question it. Even so, that didn't solve the current question that was on your mind. So while collecting your empty plate and standing up, it seemed about as good as any other time to figure out why.

"So Bae, I still haven't asked yet. Why exactly is your family gone?"

She swallowed her food and quizzically glanced. "I toooold you already; my fam's on vacaaation." You forgot she'd often drag her words out with an evaluating tone.

"Yeah, I know that but why didn't you go with them? I mean, instead of deciding to stay here with me and do nothing but eat cheese."

"Well, that's cuz I finally earned enough money for them to go on a little week long vacation and thought it'd be nice! Then when I gotta a call from a certain friend of mine telling me they had their own place infested and needed a place to stay for a few days, wellllll what was I supposed to do?" Plus, I already had enough of a break from streaming a while ago and this was a perfect chance to try Ring Fit without any chance of disturbing anyone, soooo why not? I mean they were practically gone anyway and I've been wanting to hang out with you for sometime so it all fit. So you can stay as long as you'd like this week. I mean like, I wouldn't m-mind... Hey! Wait! And it's fried cheese. It's like, completely different from just normal cheese!" Your former remark caught up to her at last.

"Aaah." Now things made sense. When for whatever reason your place was infested with rats (of all pests), all you needed was a place to stay for the weekend after dealing with the hassle that comes with an infestation. You didn't really have much of an option or preference for any of your family, friends or people you knew; especially on such short notice. Your most convenient option for you was that rat girl you've known for years. The same rat you knew would act playfully and immaturely smug about you being the one to call them for help since it was  pretty much the opposite when it came to her homework or helping her move her stuff into her shed. (Well, really her parents but that was besides the point.) "I see. I get it. And you also needed to let me into the house too."

"Ah..." Baelz widened her eyes as her ears perked. Then she started to poorly restrain her snickering and cover contorting face even more poorly.

"Bae, you knew that right?"

"Pfff... Hahahaha!" Her laughter escaped.

"B-Bea?! You if you had gone you weren't just gonna leave me locked outsi-"

"Hua-hua-hua!" And there it was, her signature reversed wheezing sort of laughter that a small animal could easily mistake for a vulture or larger bird of some kind. Oddly enough, it was never annoying. In fact, for some reason it even became somewhat endearing overtime and was enough to make you chuckle along with her sometimes; just like now. Though that might've been due to her undeniable cuteness and almost child like immaturity that you, herself and everybody else would jokingly call her a twelve year old for. Good thing, just like now, it would never go on for too long. "Y-y-yeah, r-right I... Sorry, I'm twelve." If she was calm enough to keep her running joke of infantilizing herself in moments of immaturity, then she should've at least been calm enough to hopefully listen to what you were going to say.

"Well, just try not to end up looking like the rats that that I had to deal with. Those things were pretty chunky."

"HEY! I'm not chunkyyy. I'm like, 47 kilos. Ya better not be calling me a fat cuz I ain't no fat rat. I'll tell you that," she said as she pouted and pointed in your face on her tip-toes still munching on fried cheese. "Hey, that rhymed..." and she swallowed food with visible effort with the eventual "Brrrruh!" you knew would soon follow.

"..." As you were about to try to calm her skepticism, not even your facial expression changing from derailment to confusion to a relenting apathy could hide how caught off guard you were by her characteristically sidetracking her own point due to something so silly.

"Hahahahaha!" Why else would she have erupted into laughter again? The way she furrowed her brows and squinted or closed her eyes as she shook her head from side to side. How her wide open mouth revealed her surprisingly sharp teeth. Normally those attributes might've been used to described someone with a freakish or wicked expression while cackling like a witch or a villain. But somehow Bae made it all look cute on her. Maybe it was her plump cheeks or her big and adorable eyes. Maybe it was the rat's playful yet endearing personality that even gave way to such a sentiment at all. Her charming Australian accent perhaps? Hell, it was probably some combination of all of those and more that made her so likable. "Hua-Hua-Huaaa~ haaah..." And once again was the laugh she was recognized for.

"Alright, just give me your dishes and I'll wash them. It's better you get off to your Ring Fit stream or whatever it was."

"Wait a minute," the rodent said she widened her eyes and her ears flicked upwards once more. "You don't think I'm fat don't you? Like, what the heck, bro?"

"W-What? No. You said you were going to do your little four-hour endurance exercise or whatever so it's better you do that quick while you still have the energy to exercise for at least three hours before you probably cras-"

She dramatically gasped. "Ya don't even think I can make the full four hours?! Hmph! You really DO think I'm fa-"

"No, Bae!!! I just think four hours might be hard for you. I know you used to dance and probably still practice since you're a Hololive member and as anyone can clearly tell by your stomach, you're not fat. Sheesh."

Bae quickly freezes for a moment and then squints, making sure to put on a tiny but smug smile and quickly says, "Bruh, are you checkin' me out or something?" And just like always, she had made sure to tilt her backwards as she made a cheek face you directly just so she'd be looking at you out of the corner of her eyes. "Hmmmm?"

"Alright, that's it! Just give me your dishes and go. I'll wash 'em."

"Ki-hee-hee-hee-hee!" Of course. She knew what she was doing trying to get you all riled up like that. The proof of this was her mischievous giggles at your raised voice in attempt to wrangle her prodding behavior but in the end she had gotten what she wanted. Now finished with her food she simply said, "Oh? You'll wash 'em for meee?" Her playfully coy words had filled her tone with false incredulity and exaggerated shock. Granted, all she probably wanted was to fluster you a bit like as per usual but you managed to give her a little bonus. But you know what? Maybe this time you wouldn't excuse her act and let her wash the dishes for your own petty revenge. That'd teach her a lesson.

"Thanks dude! Your the best," she said as she bolted from her seat and with a small little skip, wrapped her arms around you in a snug embrace. What was the harm in letting her off the hook again? You always have given her a pass which you promised to her and yourself you'd stop doing, sure, but it's not like she's ever crossed the line with her teasing. No! Even so you had to put your foot down every now and again. If there was ever a time to do so, this would be it. You then felt her hold you tighter and rub her face against your body. The only way she was able to do this was by standing on her toes once again but because she stretching as best as she could, she wouldn't be able to hold herself completely steady. Though this was probably already clear to you considering her breast pressed against you, subtly rubbing your body up and down. Well, on top of her shortness. Nevertheless you promised yourself that you'd stay strong.

"Mmmmm~" A quiet yet breathy moan escapes her as you placed your arms somewhat awkwardly around the girl's lower back. If it wasn't for the straps holding onto her skirt you might've directly touched her butt. You could feel her body contracting in tandem with her breaths. Still. You could not let this cheeky little-

...

And that's when you felt her tail that was wrapped around your back and leg very slowly rub your crotch area as she let out another husky sigh. You know what? What was the harm in letting her act out every once in a while. Plus it's not like she was trying to manipulate you even though she did take advantage of you the second she had the opportunity. That might've been putting it a bit harshly though. She also had a stream to get to and it's not like you haven't given her a pass when she's acted like this before, Right? Plus if you didn't end that lengthy hug first she definitely would have and the growing bulge in your pants would've made sure of that. She would either be creeped out or she would tease you endlessly with her with fresh ammunition. That could not happen.

"Alright. Alright," you grumble as you clasp her cheeks, smooshing her face together and distancing her a fair bit. Just get to streaming your exercising game. And don't drink too much water either; you'll get a cramp or a stitch or whatever you call it."

"Well it's a good thing I ate light then," she managed to get that out, albeit a little muffled.

"That was light?"

"Shut it," she said as fast humanly (or rodently?) possible. Just then the rat had vanished out of your grasp and reappeared a few paces away as quickly as she vanished, turned around and prepared to run with a "Thanks Brat! You're the be~est." She then pointed the table you were sitting at and the dishes were already in the sync and the table was just as tidy as it was before you two ate there. And then, she ran off.

"Wait, but why didn't you just-" you try to get out before she's out of earshot.

Instead of turning back she had chose to speedily shout out, "I couldn't cuz I didn't wanna so..." without even spacing out her words out properly, that was all you could make out before her voice faded into a lingering silence. She truly was something. A rat human thing that was apparently some sort of embodiment of chaos or something. Or maybe the whole "created by the gods" thing was a part of her back story as a VTuber considering she had family and all but the human-rodent hybrid still had inconsistent and confusing as all hell "chaos powers" or whatever you had decided to name her nonsensical abilities. Sometimes she could just do whatever she wanted and other times she couldn't without any rhyme or reason. You can't even remember the first time she did something like that. Was it she walking on the ceiling or rotating some letters on a screen? Well whatever it was, you had surely grown accustomed to it by now. So much so, that she even gave you her cherished nickname, "Brat." It was also what she decided to call her fans as well for short and "Baerat" being what it was abbreviated from. But for you, it was because she considered you her "bro." That would make you the brother of a rat or a "brat" for short and years later after she first assigned you her then-new nickname, her fans would coincidentally choose the same name for a different reason. She definitely wasn't your actual little sister or anything but considering the "little sister energy" she had, there wasn't any reason to reject it. Plus if anyone was going to call you "Bro," you'd rather it'd be her than anyone else. With all of that at the back of your head, you had finished washing the dishes.

...

You were headed upstairs towards the guest room you were staying across form next Bae's room. Well, prior to her practically moving into her shed. Just as you were going to enter your room you heard a shuffling noise from within the room next to yours, positioned behind you. It pulled your attention towards the room's door left slightly ajar. You stopped for a moment, confused as to what that could've possibly have been if Bae was in the shed and you were the only one in the house. That's when you remembered Bae had pet mouse named Mr. Squeaks. It had probably gotten loose and went across the hall or something. Sure you getting your friend to deal with it would make sense but troubling her after she let you stay in her house wasn't something you're keen on doing. The airhead probably didn't close its enclosure properly. It'd be better to just deal with it yourself and use in as material the next time she tries to tease you. You tip-toed quietly up to the gap in the door and held the door knob to stop the door from making any noise that could potentially scare it away.

Peeking through the door, there was a sight you never thought you'd see in a million years. It was the sight Bae lifting her shirt over her head. She was facing towards a full length mirror fortunately tilted so you could clearly her backside alongside her front in the reflection. She through it down on the floor and had uncovered her jagged tube top and her shape had revealed her breast to be even bigger than it appeared in the discarded crop top in the pile of all her floored accessories she was wearing before. She removed her tube top and you saw just how well endowed she truly was. Even if you could only see the top half of her squished mounds and a bit of cleavage without her key-toting spiked collar. Her cleavage was fully visible and you could see her more of her breasts, bounded only by her strapless bra, bounce along with her body. You weren't an expert or had could judge with the accuracy of measuring tape but there was no way she wasn't at least a D cup when it came to her breast, even on her smaller frame. The bra wasn't jagged like her crop top but still had the same brick-like design pattern on it and got thinner as it went to her back side. The top and bottom of it was also lined with red as an accent giving it the red and black color scheme you often associated with her.

Mouth agape, you could do nothing but stare on as she pulled the straps on her skirt off her body and dropped them to her sides. Her toned midriff was made completely visible in the reflection as well as a portion of what must've been her high-waisted panties. It must've been conveniently hidden behind her straps this whole time as well as the now-visible groin creases. From your perspective you could see how they wrapped around to bottom poking out from the top of the skirt. This only left just small portion of her buttcrack visible before between that and her tail just above. It was situated right between her back dimples. Though, considering her personality and the fact she had an actual tail, she probably had innocently wore such attire, not out of any sort of boldness but merely out of comfort. The more noticeable shortness of her skirt and view of her body in it wouldn't be known to anyone as long as she wore those skirt straps of hers. And to think so little yet so much would secretly be lying behind them. But just when you though she couldn't get any hotter, she bent over making the bottom of her butt visible and dropped her skirt right in front of you. They fell right down to her small feet and cute toes. The rat girl did seem to have a high-wasted thong on and it looked just like her bra when it came to its rectangular pattern on it and its color. Mainly black and red around the holes.

She was just as blessed above as she was below. She had a relatively larger and more shapely ass for her body than expected. It was so much so that her cheeks were pretty much flossing with with her panties to the point to where it could only be seen above or below her butt when looking at her backside. Considering how it split off right below her tail placed right above her butt and how stringy the underwear looked, it might've actually have been a g-string she had on. And with her hourglass figure, her ass was certainly the widest part of her body. But even so, because it belonged to the body of a person an inch short of being five feet tall, it wasn't exactly inaccurate to call it "small" either. Her peachy butt led down to her thick thighs and her hanging breast let you see just how big they really were when unobstructed, after she had undone her bra and let it drop. What caught your attention first were her pink nipples. When it came to their size proportional to the rat girl's body, it was the exact same circumstance she had with her bottom. When it came to their shape, they were round and noticeably perky; even at a distance.

Her whole body bounced and jiggled as she stretched and moved. It was literally stunning how sexy her body was without losing any of the cuteness she had when normally clothed. She poked and prodded at her thighs and bounced her boobs with her forearm while looking quizzically. Fully standing, she had started squishing her stomach and with a small and somewhat defeated frown yet somehow still remained as beautiful as ever. She then turned around and looked her reflection as she played with her ass. Poking it, pinching it, lightly slapping it, bouncing it from the bottom with her hands and alternating which cheek she bounced when it wasn't both of them. The waves were so hypnotic, the only thing that could briefly, and only briefly take your attention away would her barely covered camel toe that could be seen between the small gap in between her thighs. Even sporting back, the curves were still visible from where you were. The memory of this would forever be burned into your into your mind. Her curvy figure slightly bent forward and let out a defeated sigh, she pulled the sides of her panties away from her and stepped one leg out of them and let side of the thong opposite to her free leg snap against her hip and fall down to her cute feet. Arms akimbo she had kicked her thong off and open her eyes with a sigh.

And that's when you noticed that it landed right... on your... face...

"AAAAAHHHH!!!!" She had let out an ear-piercing scream as loud as she possibly could and lost her footing, causing herself to fall flat on her bum. The high volume had the domino effect of making you snap out of your trance and stumble over like a fool right onto your chin. But that might have been worth when you saw the sight before you. What had laid before was not only the sight of your red-faced, flustered friend but beneath her face and chest was her was her bare, hairless snatch. The sight made you inhale the side of her thong that had been draped in front of your mouth. Thankfully your eyes could see through each of the leg holes of said underwear. "W-What the HELL are you doiiiiing?!!" She had scrambled around and had frantically put one arm over her mounds and a hand between her legs. The only things she couldn't cover were whatever parts of her chest you could see past her round thighs. Not to mention her beat red face welling up with crimson. It was like a scene right out of an erotic visual novel.

"I-I-I didn't mean-it's not like that! I-" you attempted to explain while spitting the piece of her thong out of your mouth.

"Y-you pervert! Were you watching me? How DARE you?!"

"No, I thought your mouse got loose and and an-"
 
"Mr. Squeaks is still in the sheeed!"

"I thought that's where you were! Why are you even here?!"

"That's cuz this is mah NEWWW ROOOM"

After stumbling forwards through the door and looking at the lack of decor it was pretty obvious. "Well... I didn't know!"

She sharply turns her heard away from you. "Like hell you didn't ya peepin' Tom!"

"The door was barely open! All I could see was you, the mirror and-" you realized you shouldn't have said that.

The rat's eyes widened farther than you ever seen as her head snapped back to you only for her face to reveal her gritted, razor-sharp teeth after taking an incredulous gasp. Her brows furrowed as her nose scrunched and the tears that were welling up vanished with a single blink. They had been replaced with the figurative and literal fire in her eyes; all of this in preparation her eruption. "I KNEW IT! I- You WERE LOOKIN' you-you... Just GET OUT you PERV!"

"Whaa!" She through some other piece of clothing at you that slapped your face and hung over your shoulder. After quickly removing it from your face you tried to say "No! I didn't even know you were taking your shirt off in here! I mean I didn't even stare for that long. No wait I-I mean it was like, I wasn't disrespectfully looki-AAAH!" Your face had just barely avoided a suddenly air-born shoe only to see her holding the other one above her shoulder. That was your cue to leave. You slammed her door and ran over to the next door. The one you should've gone to in the first place. You heard two more slams in quick succession coming from the hallway and with a loud "And stay out!" accompanying it as you had quickly open, shut and locked the door to the room you were staying in. You didn't want her exacting whatever her idea of revenge could even be.

After sitting down on the guest bed and catching your breath, you finally decided to remove your flustered friend's panties from your head and left them on the bed. At least you hope you were still friends after that. She was too nice just kick you out. That much you knew but would she even want to talk to you after... all that? As you pondered that and lied on your back, you noticed the piece of clothing that hung over your shoulder hadn't fallen off. You drag it over to see it was a bra. A strapless bra. Her strapless bra... and it was way thinner than you thought. If the rest of her clothes were anything like this bra, it'd be no wonder why you felt her breast press against you so much during that hug. Either that or you were discovering a more perverted side of yourself. Something else to question was why they were kind of wet. Surely it wasn't that hot and it's not like she tired herself out barely running for a few seconds to her "new" room. In fact, her panties in your other hand felt similarly not just in thickness, (or lack there of) but in wetness as well.

Getting a better look at them, it seemed more like a small, thin t-back thong. Bae's butt was just big enough to make it look like a g-string. Moving your thumb away from the inside of the soft crotch area, you felt a sticky sort of wetness. Was this the part you so ungraciously inhaled? Considering no other area had a hint of wetness,  it was most likely. But that was only from what you could tell looking at it from the outside. The inside held the aforementioned sticky stain. The shiny damp spot became a slightly stringy when you prodded it. Then, almost naturally, you had started to bring the rat's items closer to your nose.

"See, I used to weigh a lot more but I lost a lot of muscle so now I have noodle arm." Her voice rang out from the wall beside you and snapped you out of your trance-like focus. Not only had those walls must've been thin but it were they made off. Normal empty rooms didn't cause that kind of echo, so what was it made off and how did you not notice this earlier? A thought which brought you to the present. Wait! What were you even about do?! Sniff you friend's underwear? This type of behavior was exactly the type of thing that rat would call "maidenless." It probably would have been for the best if you returned the girls undergarments to her before you gave into any of your... impulses. So getting up from the bed after who-knows-how-long, you set out to do just that.

You were out your door and over to the next. Your heart was beating out of nervousness and from dread at the things Bae would probably say to you. But even so, you steeled yourself and courageously... knocked on the door of a girls room. After waiting bit, you turned around and saw a pair shoes behind you. That must've been what you heard as you ran away from her. It did strike you as odd when you noticed it was a pair you hadn't seen her wear before. It had been a while and you got no response. Either she was ignoring you or she couldn't hear you over the sound of her own voice.

"You know appaaarently, this stretch makes you taller?" So she had started streaming. She was more than audible since she often spoke loudly and even more so during her streams. Not to mention her voice carried an echo along with it. Mulling over what it could be, you felt the door knob turn as you dropped your relaxing hand. Was it not locked? After she threw a shoe at the door?! She had probably just forgot to do so in the moment in a mix of shock, embarrassment and anger. That's when you, heart beating even faster, hand slowly opened the door. It was just enough to fit your hand through so you could knock on the wall inside just so she wouldn't think you were spying on her again.

"I read somewhere that if you-wait a second. Who is it? Someone outside? Hold on..." Her voice was notably higher-pitch than normal but that's often how she sounded during streams. The sound of footsteps got closer as she had cracked the door just a tiny bit more open. You immediately noticed that she was wearing something different than before, but your attention was taken by her quick reaction. She opened the door and looked at you dead in eye for what felt like minute but was only a second and whispered "What do you want?!" The red head probably didn't mute their stream. In return, you looked down and around and pointed behind you and told the girl what you wanted to say.

"You ummm... left your shoes outside..." That wasn't what you wanted to say at all. It looked like your nerves had gotten the best of you.

"I don't need 'em." She told you dryly but she also spoke with a subtle sense of urgency. You could pick up on the feeling that she probably did not wanting to be seeing you. But at the same time this tension would probably drag on even longer if you held off on returning her undergarments too. And so, you steeled yourself again and spoke once more.

"A-And I have your um-" Her eyes widened before you finally lifted the hand that was holding her bra and panties out from behind you. She they seemed to widen even more as well as the red on her face as she turned around and started to close the door before you could even notice. All you could stutter out was a "But what do I with-?"

She clicked her tongue. "I don't care! Just go!" Bae cut you off with a speedy whisper and shut the door which also made a clicking noise. Hopefully she was only locking you out physically and temporarily but there was nothing you could do anymore. With that being the case, you just went back to your room next door and lied on the bed hoping you didn't screw things up even more.

...

"I'm getting cooooold. I need to exercise. I'm getting coooooold." Her voice echoed out from your side yet again. You were back in your room and you could hear her voice just as clearly as in your room as you could from behind her door if not even more so. You were probably just a shorter distance away from her but still. Hopefully her mood was only a bit soured by now. She was getting comments noticing it just because of you. You didn't want to make things worse. You didn't want to make her regret letting you stay by making her life AND her job harder. So to make sure of that, you pulled your phone out of your pocket and went to the Aussie's stream. When you did, it looked like you were worried over nothing. Everyone seemed to be enjoying it. Her VTuber model that looked exactly like how it usually did; an animated 2D version of her normal self. Focusing on it more, it seemed to have trouble tracking her face with all of her movements you could hear from the thin wall behind you. With that in mind, you decided to turn the volume down since you were able to pretty much hear it live.

"I'm coooold. Can we just start? I'm cooold. I'm coooold." You couldn't recall exactly what she was wearing due to how Bae had barely opened the door, but that did get you thinking. Not about her clothes but the body in them bouncing around while doing the exercises and stretches the game's avatar did the same. Just that much was enough to get you going and your growing bulge was evidence of that. You also had her bra and panties in hand. That thought brought you back to your earlier experiment with the the bra's scent. And just like before, you brought it along with the thong an inch from your nose and smelled it. It was a... feminine scent and smelled a little like she did when she hugged you but that was the best you could describe the smell with your limited vocabulary for this type of stuff. Before you knew it you fully pitching a tent. That didn't help your moral conscious and likely only severed to increase both your horniness and your perversion. But the thought of masturbating to your friend in her own house? It's not like she would know ever know with how preoccupied she was. Honestly, its not like you were ever going have this kind of opportunity again...

"My leg strap's coming ooooff!"



Fuck it.

And with that you removed your bottom and underwear, held the items to your face and started jacking off. The more you thought about the movements of Bae's body and whiffed her scent, it became more obvious that she probably was sweating beforehand. Especially how worked up she seemed at the beginning portion of the stream you caught. The leg strap she was wearing to play the game had was probably just going to slip, but knowing how thick her thighs were you wouldn't surprised if it had burst off from putting it on too tight. The image of her sweaty thighs being too meaty causing the strap to burst was something you could only imagine.

"I should wear... hah... joggers next time. I'm literally... hah... I'm barefoot at the moment and it really hurts." You closed your eyes and could see her in wearing something more sporty like tight spats. Shorts that would almost completely cover her butt and would outline the the thong she was probably wearing with an increasingly visible panty line due to her working up a sweat. Shorts that probably rode up her bottom as she did squats or performed any sort of exercise that required her to bend at the waste. Tight enough to emphasize the width of her thighs. Even more-so on the one with leg strap on it as well. While you imaged that, she had completed her first level.

"Do I really have to go get shoooes? I really don't want to... but should I?" she said with a chuckle. "No shoes! Nah. No shoes." This directed your thoughts down from her thighs to the rest of her smooth legs. Right below her flexed calves would be the cute little feet you had witnessed before. The patter her feet made when she ran in place sounded like tiny slaps. Coupling that with her panting started to put lewder thoughts in your head too.

"Can't drink too much or you'll get a stitch" Looks like she cared enough heed your warning. Maybe she wasn't that angry at you anymore and got over it. After all, Bae didn't seem to have any trace of anger in her voice. Either that or she was just being professional.

"It's so hot in here" And just like that you snap from endearment to lust. Her body must've had a coat of sweat by now. It's been some time and your arm wasn't even tired. You were starting to wonder if you'd be able to last as long doing this as she would with her endurance stream. Especially after she got the insinuation that you didn't think she could last that long but at this point you've already lost track of time.

"Has it been an hour yet? she asked with a slight chuckle. "Wait it hasn't been an hour yet? No! We're good, let's keep going. Easy. Easy." the rodent spoke through heavy breaths. And just when you thought you couldn't get more excited you heard her say, "Should I get shoes?" that's when you heard her feet move farther from you, and the sound of a nearby door open. She was probably getting the pair she left out.

The footsteps returned and stopped right next to you. "I have shoes. Do you hear them?" She stomped three times and continued. "I have shoes!... Man! I just cleaned my floor yesterday." It was just a little odd that she cleaned the room after she moved some of her stuff in rather than before but you wouldn't let that distract you.

...

"I'm gonna take my... okay Bae don't say that on stream. I'm taking an article of clothing off. It's getting a bit warm in here." You heard some shuffling "Wooo! So much better. Very nice." As the laughing faded all you could imagine was her lifting up her top like she did before. Only this time, the sweat trailed down her face and arms down to her neck and armpits right down her breast jumping up and down in a sweat-stained sports bra to her tight stomach and below. At this point you wanted her to give you more ideas.

"'More detail?' Nnno!" She was heaving again. "Okay, we good. Okay Wooo! Much better. Okay" Looks like you and her audience were sharing the same brain cell. "Why would I take pantsu off? That makes no sense!" And luckily you both got what you wanted. Her peeling what spats off the sweaty, sticky skin off her ass and thighs to reveal her wet camel toe poorly covered by the same small, tight, skinny and increasingly wet version of the thong you were holding. As good as the mental image was it was better to pace yourself and enjoy this for as long as possible. After all, how long was this even going to last?

"How long has it been? It's been an hour, okay." She audibly gulped. "Auuh~" and moaned in fatigue. "Three more hours to go. How long do I have? Three more hours, here we go. We're good." It was going to be a while. An enjoyably long while. You reposition yourself against the wall in an attempt to hear her noises better.

"'More echo?'" Almost as if she could hear you desires, her voice echoed even louder. You heard it through your phone but even more-so from, behind you. She probably just used her weird powers out of laziness to increase the power of her voice instead of doing it over the stream. But as hot and sweaty as she was, you understood why. You tried to wonder how she'd look now, but the rat started singing some songs pretty loudly. It was likely to entertain the audience from what you heard but losing concentration was both a blessing a curse. You weren't going to finish but at that rate you weren't even going to have the chance. As much as you enjoyed what you were doing, it was only natural you wanted to hear her more and the noises she was making too. So you decided to do just that and you went over next door once more, hoping to get your rocks off to her unintentionally erotic voice. But by the time you realized you forgot she was likely positioned closer to you in your room, you noticed her door was left slightly open just like she did earlier. Thinking back, this must've happened when she went to get the shoes she left in the hallway. And now the exact same set of circumstances that created the catalyst for your perverted escapade graced you once more. Only this time, without the excuse of it being an accident. After swallowing your trepidation along with your saliva, you slowly opened the door.

There she was. Hands on her knees, hunched over and catching her breath. When Baelz got up, her back was turned to you like before with the mirror positioned diagonally in front of her next to her bed towards the right, by the wall. She was too focused on the TV screen in front of her to notice. But what really got your attention was Bae's clothes or rather... lack of them. She was coincidentally wearing the exact same pair spats you imagined her in. They consistently had the same design as her tube top. Black with rectangular brick like pattern but with the red lines at the top and bottom like only her bra and panties had. However these were lying on the floor next to a track jacket in with a similar design. What she was wearing was a white sports bra like the one you imagined. Same red lining around the holes, same blocky design pattern but notably darker around the top half due it absorbing the tired rat girl's sweat. Below her was pretty much the same type of thong you had in your hand but white instead of black. Once again her sweaty backside and front were in full view of your vision and she was none the wiser. At this point you held onto the bra you kept with your teeth to muffle any grunts and started going at it again. Looking back at her after completing another exercise and she took an audibly loud gulp of water. 

"Ah! I just spilled water. Whoops. I may have dribbled on myself." This far into you voyeuristic fap-session and it was enough to get a surprising amount of precum out of you. Naturally you still put the panties in your hand over it and started masturbating with to avoid not only making an eventual mess but to muffle the sound of your hand going up and down at the same pace Bae was exercising. You almost wish this could last forever but even you had your limits. If Bae was busy with her endurance training, you were going to be with yours.

"How long has it been?! It's been an hour-thirty!" She laughed "You're half way there, two more hours." That would do. And this went on for some time.

...

"Ah, this one's so hard. Ow!"

...

"AH! it's so hot!" She performed a front press by squeezing the ring controller. She had done it not as depicted in the game and instead of bending her arms held them straight down and squeezed it. This squeezed her boobs and you could she shining drops of sweat roll down her cleavage. Not to mention, at this point the sound of her shoes hitting the tile made you wonder what'd it'd be like to ram her sweaty backside yourself.

...

"AAHN~ One more. Let's go"

...

"Wooo!" She slapped her sweaty thighs "That was thigh slap guys..." and of course announced for the viewers who could only listen. The viewers who couldn't see it wobble and wave as sweat flew off of it.

After completing another level she her top was drenched in sweat and naturally she decided to take her top off. It's not like anyone would know... to her knowledge anyway. You saw her boobs rise in the reflection as she crossed both her arms and lifted the sports bra upwards and proceed to throw it on the ground next to her previously discarded clothes. Her chest was more than just wet. You could even see a shining trail of sweat that came straight from her cleavage and stomped being visible around her belly button.

"I mean I'm not saying this is what I'm wearing but..." She hovered over the light green crop top in the game when buying her avatar's clothes and giggled mischievously. "It's just my undershirt. What are you talking about? Yeeaah, I just took off the long sleeves. It was ver-it was very warm." And unbeknownst to her, only you would witness white lie. She was working so hard, one of her pigtails started get get loose so she hand to ring some sweat out of her own and hair just to readjust it. "Uh Oh, I'm starting to feel a stitch. Oh no, uh oh. I shouldn't of had that water." Can't say you didn't warn her.

...

"Oh God, I'm sweating. Wooo!" The sound of her shoes picked up again. "Yeah, you wanna run with meee. Come run with meee. Yeah. Let's go!" If you didn't know better, you might've thought she was subtly hinting you to jump her bones with how inviting her voice was. Well, if she knew you were there but that context was only fantasy.

...

Now she was performing squats. "Uh oh. I'm starting to feel it. I'm starting to feel it in the buuutt! Ow... mah butt." It was like her ass was repeatedly expanding each time she did so and the fact that her thin thong had rode her body like you predicted, it let you see more than last time. And after she widened her stance and split her legs, you could see her covered butthole and fat lower lips become more visible as she each time. The same went for the her shiny and sweaty legs. Seeing her from the front and the back at the same time was a blessing. The erotic sounds of her swallowing large amounts of water and catching her breath. Her soft panties in your hand did a surprisingly well job at holding in the moisture.

You could imagine her putting the ring in between her thighs and pressing it as hard a she would be able to. Breast heaving. Squealing and moaning. Legs in tandem with her poorly covered snatch opening and closing repeatedly. Her drenched and poorly covered camel toe spilling out the sides string thin, tissue thick cloth binding. What you would give for your head to be in between those thighs and slurping her various fluids that drenched her pussy lips. They were something you could see from her back side and and front due to that mirror. Her fat mons were just that thick.

You could see her attempting to do planks, grunting each time she attempted to raise ass each time. Then she was lying down with her knees up. Shiny breast flopping over, slowly lifting her squeezed butt and arching her back. Her sweat starting roll down her naval as she continued her hip lifts. Soon enough she was on her bottom and raising her legs up into the air. As if that wasn't enough she kept opening then as far as she could, closed them and repeated the process. That was when you realized you had been imagining the past few actions. That being known didn't stop you from from continuing your fantasy. Not after what they remind you of.

The image of her sprawled before you reminded you of how her unceremoniously exposing her nude body before you upon getting jump-scared by your presence. Too bad that sort of fantasy would never come true. Seeing her naked as already one dream come true. Luck like that only happened once. It'd be unlikely for it to happen again. Then again, you did get a chance to sate your once-unbeknownst tendencies again so maybe luck was on your side. You'd have to take another rolling of the dice to see where it would land you but that'd be too risky now considering the "prize" you already had. So as you were reminiscing, Bae's stimulating poses and sounds went on for quite some time until you were snapped out of your trance when her leg strap snapped off of her.

"Aah! Nooo! It slipped! It slipped! It sliiipped! I don't have anymore smoothies. It sliiiipped! Nooo!" That's what was only what she said, but you knew what really happened. The strap could not contain her the thickness the shortstacks thighs had and gave way to it's sudden ejection.

...

"Oh my god. I'm so tired. You think I can handle one more?" It hasn't been as long as four hours yet but it was clear she was nearing her limit. And soon enough, she had resumed her workout.

"Yes! Woo! Oh my god! Hah... Hah... Oh my god! Ah~ Oh my god. Oh gosh" She finished her drink as audibly as possible and it was over. Her workout was finished and your private little peepshow was too. Unfortunately you were to busy pacing yourself and still couldn't finish quite yet but that didn't stop you from listening in as you pressed yourself up against the door. You made sure to keep your body hidden.

Baelz, talking to her chat in on her computer placed by her bed, had draped a large blanket around her to demonstrate how'd she conceal noise when she'd need to. She was no longer visible aside from her silhouette created by the lamp with her.

"Um, actually, I'm supposed to be a good rat and I have some rat school stuff that I've to take care of. Umm, that I scheduled after because I knew that I'd probably would have to cap it at four hours." She talked about how she had to study even though she said she didn't have much to do earlier. When her chat seemed to ask more about it, all she could say was she had to "study big brain things they couldn't fathom." After that, you noticed the shadow of her hand rise and something the shape of the exact underwear you left in your room had appeared out of thin air as you heard a sniffing sound.

"But I hope you guys like the knew roooom. I know the acoustics aren't as good yet but I have so much space to do things now!" You could tell she had nearly finished the last of her water and brought a small piece of some kind of fabric to her face. It seemed as if her arm was stretching bent towards her lower body but it wasn't clear.

***shlick shlick*** "Ahh~... Ahh~"

You heard something over her gulps but you weren't sure what it was. That didn't stop your mind from wandering.

"Waaah. So much room for activities, yeah..." The same wet noise occurred and moaning happened again. This time you noticed her arm move forward and back.

***shlickshlickschlick*** "Ahh~... Ahh~"

Her stream couldn't hear that, right? She did manage to knock her bottle over and barely catch it before it fell. She seemingly swallowed her own saliva.

"I really do need to take a shower though. Holy molly, I'm so sweaty. I have... a little bit of time. Okay..." As you hear something and see that you see her wet thong had flown through the air, over her make-shift curtains and had slapped the floor as her silhouette held the fabric closer to her face and sniffed it.

"I am a little bit stinky. Am I stinky? Wait." You saw what was clearly Baelz's head turn to her now exposed armpit. "I put on deodorant so I think I'm okay." Her forearm continued to slowly move up and down at an angle. Was she...? "I feel like I should go take a shower and get back into pajamas before I get into bed." Her audience asked about when the test she apparently had to study for was but all she gave in response was "I dunno," with chuckle. "I should probably check." It sounded like she was about finished when she said "Thank you, I'll see you guys in two days." But then Bae received one final question about if she finished unpacking. Her only retort was "Uh-byyyyyye!" and that was the end of it all. Or so you thought...

The fabric appeared to hang from her chin or rather, she was holding it in her mouth. You could hear her muffled moans between slurps as her voice grew deeper and huskier now that she wasn't streaming anymore. Her lowered forearm went up and down even faster as the sound of wetness increased. You saw her other arm raise and fingers outstretch. A cylindrical object with a rounded end was suddenly just manifested and fell into her hand. She wasted no time splitting her knees apart and shoving it in and out her as fast as she could. She had to be...

As it stood, you couldn't help yourself anymore. You had to get a closer look. She was probably too "distracted" to notice you anyway. Without a second thought, you were right up to her from behind the make-shift curtains and you heard her slurp. "Auu~ I think I can taste something or sweat or-Ah! Oh God, I think can smell his scent..." the wet noises, sniffing and moan steadily increasing in volume and pace. At this point, more than your curiosity had peaked and you just had to see the sight for yourself; consequences be damned. You took the bra, damp with your saliva into your hand alongside the ruined panties and slid the curtain open halfway across your body with the other hand and saw Bae in the lewdest position you had ever seen her in. The sweaty rat was and sitting on her bed, legs wide and dildoing herself while rubbing her clit right on top of the discarded clothes that previously belong to your bottom half. She was biting onto a what could only have been your underwear and saliva dripped down one of her fangs. But how? Just now realizing your miscalculation of leaving your clothes back in the other room, she couldn't have had them here and now, right? But then the sight of her basically sticking her tail in and out of her own ass caught your attention while the noise you made opening the curtains caught her's.