##Honkai 6.6 Elysian Realm v2
By Marisa

Many signets have been rebalanced. Check here: https://rentry.co/66erbalance by Hyoka

---
Stage Buff 1
- Gain 20 Silver Coin at the end of battle. Some non-leader enemies have Silver Shield. Destroying the shield drops 3 Silver Coin (limit one time for each enemy).  Silver Coin will no longer drop during the battle. Enemy's base HP +5%, at the end of each floor, non-IMG enemy HP +2%, IMG enemy HP +0.8%
- The final enemy wave will be replaced with BIO enemies with weak Silver Shield. If the floor is not cleared within 80s, the subsequent enemy waves will get 10% dmg reduction (does not apply for 1.5x difficulty and below)
- Some non-leader enemies have Silver Shield. If the enemy dies with a broken Silver Shield, valk gains Total DMG, each kill +0.3%, max 12%.
- When an enemy takes Crit DMG, valk melee Physical and Elemental DMG +20%, lasts for 10s, can be refreshed.
- Helix and Gold +2

Load Buff 1
0 - F17 boss replaced with Huodou (with Physical vulnerability shield)
5 - After breaking the enemy's shield, gain 5 sp
5 - When valk attacks enemies of the same type, Total DMG +8%
10 - When valk hits with melee atk, Total DMG +15% for 10s, can be refreshed
10 - After using evasion skill, valk Physical and Elemental DMG +15% for 8s, can be refreshed
15 - Valk with fist, spear, chakram and pistols gain 20% Elemental Breach and 50% Physical Breach
15 - When the enemy take damage from Ult or Burst Mode ATK, they take 20% more Total DMG for 10s, can be refreshed
---
Stage Buff 2
- Gain 20 Silver Coin at the end of battle. Some non-leader enemies have Silver Shield. Destroying the shield drops 3 Silver Coin (limit one time for each enemy).  Silver Coin will no longer drop during the battle. Enemy's base HP +5%, at the end of each floor, non-IMG enemy HP +2%, IMG enemy HP +0.8%
- Enemies take 30% less Total DMG. When valk deals Melee DMG, this effect is removed for 5s, can be refreshed.
- Some non-leader enemies have Silver Shield. If the enemy dies with a broken Silver Shield, valk gains Total DMG, each kill +0.3%, max 12%.
- When an enemy takes Crit DMG, valk melee Physical and Elemental DMG +20%, lasts for 10s, can be refreshed.
- Infinity and Deliverance +2

Load Buff 2
0 - F17 boss replaced with Huodou (with Physical vulnerability shield)
5 - Valk max sp +30
5 - When an enemy takes damage from weapon active, the target takes 5% more Total DMG for 5s, can be refreshed.
10 - When supports have different types from the main valk, the main valk gains 8% Physical and Elemental DMG
10 - Shieldbroken enemies take 20% more Total DMG
15 - Valk with fist, spear, chakram and pistols gain 20% Elemental Breach and 50% Physical Breach
15 - When valk hits an enemy with Melee ATK, the target takes 30% more Total DMG for 10s, can be refreshed

---
**HARE**
Passive
- Crit Rate +50%. 
- Spiritual Entity duration is infinite, and Spirit weapon cd ~~-50%~~ **-65%**
- **Take 50% less Total DMG, and recover 100 HP after killing an enemy**
- When Spiritual Entity has an extra javelin, the last hit of javelin throw Combo ATK can be directly connected to first hit of javelin throw Combo ATK 

Signet 1
Spiritual Entity can throw 4 extra javelins. Full meter Combo ATK is enhanced, deal additional ~~3000%~~ ~~2000%~~ **500%** ATK Physical DMG. Each time the extra javelins are thrown, gain ~~Total DMG~~ **Physical DMG** ~~+15%~~ +10%, max l0% x (no of extra javelins), lasts for 10s, can be refreshed.

Signet 2
Spiritual Entity can throw 4 extra javelins. Each throw deal additional ~~500%~~ **200%** ATK Physical DMG. Each time javelin hits, get ~~20~~ 50 combo hit, CD:1s

Signet 3
Basic SEQ 4 is enhanced, throwing a spear deal additional 800% ATK Physical DMG around the target, and counts as Ultimate ATK. When Seeds of Idea are summoned, gain 25 sp. If sp > 50, following up with ATK button will consume 50 sp, and directly connects to Basic SEQ 4.

Signet 4
Seeds of Idea deal additional ~~1000%~~ 500% ATK Physical DMG, counts as Ultimate attack.

Signet 5
For every 100 sp consumed by main body, or when Spiritual Entity combo hit reaches a multiple of 50, enemies take 50% more Total DMG for 10s, can be refreshed.
---
**PROM**
Passive
- When you have Dense Neutron Shield, gain Crit Rate ~~+20%~~ +50%, Total DMG +20%. Using SP ATK also counts as using weapon active
- Gain ~~30~~ 40 extra Load Energy for each Basic ATK hit.
- Combo ATK triggers SP skill attack Rebirth - Supersymmetric Particle
- Every two times you use Rebirth - Supersymmetric Particle, gain 1 charge. When you use Rebirth - Supersymmetric Particle, if Load Energy is below 400 points, then consume the charge to gain 400 Load Energy.

Signet 1
Press and hold evade button to defend and recover 240 Load Energy per second. Combo ATK and Rebirth - Supersymmetric Particle deal additional ~~1200%~~ 700% ATK Physical DMG

Signet 2
When Rebirth - Supersymmetric Particle attack hits an enemy ,a force field will be generated at the enemy's position, pulling nearby enemies for a short duration, and then deal ~~400%~~ ~~500%~~ **200%** ATK Physical DMG to all surrounding enemies every 0.5s for 5s, enemies in the center take ~~50%~~ **30%** more Total DMG for 5s, can be refreshed. 

Signet 3
Evasion skill CD -70%. Evasion skill [Reverse Stance] deal additional ~~1500%~~ ~~500%~~ **700%** ATK Physical DMG, and after triggering [Reverse Stance], trigger Rebirth - Supersymmetric Particle attack.

Signet 4
When casting Combo ATK and Rebirth - Supersymmetric Particle attacks, Ultimate CD -25% and recover 25 sp.

Signet 5
After using Ultimate, trigger Rebirth - Supersymmetric Particle attack. When Ultimate and Rebirth - Supersymmetric Particle hits an enemy, deal ~~3x500%~~ ~~3x350%~~ **3x300%** ATK Physical DMG, which has an additional 100% Crit Rate and 200% Crit DMG.