# Hifumi 1

Hifumi woke up disoriented. Her mouth was filled with the taste of sugar, heavy and cloying, and the bitter aftertaste of beer burned the back of her throat. Blindly, she struggled sideways until her feet hit the ratty carpet and hefted herself into an upright position, following her nose. The heavenly scents wafting in from outside focused her sleep-addled brain, and she poked at her chest, wincing. Had she gone through another growth spurt? Her tits were sore. If she didn't know any better, she'd think someone had been *grabbing* at them as she slept. Still, it wasn't anything to be concerned about. Sezāru said it was normal, and he was her brother, so she trusted him.

Without thinking, she opened the door and lumbered into a hideous cacophony of noise. Hifumi screwed her eyes shut against the glare and pursed her lips, withdrawing into the safety of her bedroom, barely noticing the teenagers gathered in the living room as they fell silent and turned to stare at her. Breathing heavily through her nose, she retreated to her bed and kneaded her temples. She felt a migraine coming on.

A long while later, Sezāru entered her bedroom. Hifumi perked up at the cake that he had brought in with him. "Sorry about that, onee-san. I was having some friends over."

Hifumi forced a smile. "It's okay." Unceremoniously, she started to dig into the cake, but looked up as her brother's words sank in. "You had friends over?"

"Uh, yes."

The concept refused to compute for a few seconds. Hifumi scarfed down her cake and wondered why her chest hurt at the thought of Sezāru having friends. Was it jealousy? Nah. She had plenty of friends. Her viewers were her friends, weren't they? Or perhaps she wanted Sezāru all to herself... ew. Gross. "That's nice," she said eventually. "Did you have a good time?"

"Yes," Sezāru said enthusiastically. "It was fun. They've all got rather large appetites." He winked. "But don't worry, onee-san. I won't forget about you."

Hifumi grunted and finished her cake.
***
The door to her room opened. Hifumi choked on her beer. Sezāru waited for her to clear her airway before placing a bulging plastic bag on her bed. "Happy Valentine's Day, onee-san."

"Huh? Oh, right." Hifumi licked her lips as her brother untied the bag to reveal a veritable cornucopia of chocolate within. "You didn't, uh, give any to your friends?" Did Sezāru have any female friends? Was it normal to give chocolates to your male friends on Valentine's Day if you were a guy? Hifumi didn't remember. High school had been a long time ago.

"Oh, I did. I just... made too many chocolates." Sezāru's expression was pained. Hifumi decided not to press him. "Enjoy the chocolates, onee-san."

In lieu of a response, Hifumi gathered up a heaping handful of the chocolates and stuffed it into her mouth.