### Nature's Embrace

!!! note This is a backup archive of the original and may not retain its formatting https://sharetext.me/raw/ahp8ektelt

>You miss Fauna.
>you trudge through the woods, aimlessly wandering through the trees. 
>there's no point keeping track of where you're going, you'll only find her if she lets you. 
>you're out there for a whole day before a root snares your ankle. 
>you cry out in happiness as you tumble to the ground. 
>you feel roots and vines coiling around your hands and ankles as gentle footsteps approach. 
>'My my, I've never had someone quite so.. eager.. to be driven away twice.'
>Vines lash around your mouth to gag you.
>'Nobody ever returns after they catch the scent of mother nature. Yet here you are not a day later?'
>Your eyes fix upon the sight of Fauna, stripping the elegant dress from her curvaceous body.
>She stares down at you, seemingly confused. 
>'Could it really be what I'm thinking?'
>She steps over you, descending her fat pale ass to your face. You get a glimpse of green pubes before your face is buried between her cheeks. You can smell the odour pouring off of her unwashed cunt and shithole.
>She adjusts herself slightly, ensuring your nose is perfectly buried in her butthole.
>She looks back at you, looking coy. 'Let us put you to the test, shall we?'
>She holds her belly as she unleashes a huge rippling fart straight into your sinuses.
>The stench is unlike anything you've ever encountered, an anomaly only mother nature could possibly ever brew within her.
>And yet, your fucked up brain is flooded by pleasure. Every snort of her bounty turns your vision white. It's the most wonderful thing in the world.
>You snap back to reality when you feel a flicking against your erect cock.
>Sure enough, Fauna is inspecting your member, giving it flicks and rubbing the head with her fingertip.
>'Wow.. You really do like it, huh. This is a first. There's something very wrong with you.'
>She stands again before putting one foot down on your cock, rubbing slightly as she gazes into your eyes.
>'And what were you hoping for when you returned, sick boy? That I'd indulge your fetish?'
>She starts rubbing harder, taking your cock between two toes.
>'You were hoping that mommy would take care of you? Let you huff on her dirty fucking farts and enjoy her stinky body?'
>She releases your cock, watching it twitch and ooze pre-cum. She sighs.
>'Well, it does get rather lonely here.'
>The vines around your mouth recede. You've no time for a word before her ass descends upon you once again, her shithole this time coming to rest upon your lips.
>Straddling your face comfortably, she begins to lean forward.
>You groan as she takes your throbbing cock into her mouth and throat, her pretty lips pursing around the base as she takes in your length.
>She grabs her belly again with one hand and is quickly ripping ass again into your eager mouth.
>The taste of her rancid farts quickly hits your tongue as your eyes roll back into your head. Her cute butthole winks and gapes as she lets out her reeking gas in droves. 
>You cram your tongue into her filthy shithole, catching her farts straight on your tongue as you eat her ass. 
>The combined stimulation of her erotic stench and deepthroating quickly becomes overwhelming as you approach orgasm.
>Fauna wraps her hands around your waist to grab your ass, sensing your approaching climax 
>She begins to rapidly throat your cock as she lets out a final wave of noisy putrid farts. 
>You breathe deeply and greedily as you cum harder then you ever thought possible, whiting out as fauna takes your load straight into her throat. 
>The vines uncoil from your limbs as you lay there breathing heavily, not that you could move if you tried. 
>Fauna continues to sit upon you, sniffing at the residual semen upon your member, scooping up a little to taste. 
>'Ah.. good. Very good.'
>She swivels around on your face, giving you a nose full of sweaty green pubes as she looks down at you.
>'Ah.. I already need to relieve myself. You don't mind, do you? Of course you don't, sick boy.' 
>She moans and pisses into your waiting mouth, her delicious nectar spilling over your tongue. You swallow eagerly. 
>She chuckles at you, stroking your hair. 
>'We're very compatible, you and I. But you'll get one more chance to return to your world. It's only fair.'
>She taps a finger to your temple and your consciousness begins to sway.
>'You can live a finite life in your town, grow old and rejoin the earth. Or you can come to me. We'll indulge in each others bodies until this world dies. I won't let you perish. You'll be mine..'
>You awake suddenly upon the edge of the forest, your home town in view in the distance.
>You spin on your heel without hesitation and sprint back into the trees. You make it all of ten feet before a vine trips you once more. Her giggles ring in your ears.