Oha-yo dayo~

Beams of sunlight shine through the window, dazzlingly bright and warm, heralding morning time. Most days they would be dampened by your bedroom's blackout curtains, but it seems you had forgotten to close them last night. Not the sort of mistake that you'd often make, but it happens every once in a while... Especially whenever she decides to stay over at your place.

These sunrays are not the only reason for you to wake up so early, however. The bedsheets stir, and the covers draped over your body bob up and down repeatedly, particularly around the spot where your crotch is, along with an all too familiar slippery sensation that's proven itself to be quite effective at rousing you from your state of somnolence. A groan spills from your lips and your conscience buzzes to life, as the feeling of something warm and slick slides all along your stiffness. You already know what to expect as you pull the comforters off your person, tossing it right past the edge of the bed to reveal Ayame, who's all too eagerly sucking on and licking your tumescence all over. She pauses now that her cover's been blown and she smiles at you, as though she hasn't been caught in the act.

"Oha-yo~" the cute oni speaks with that saccharine voice of hers before continuing her work, planting a kiss upon the tip of your manhood, which coaxes another grunt out of you.

"Mmgh... Good morning, Ayame..." you grumble out, still a tad drowsy, but your companion's continuous ministrations quickly bring you to full alertness. Your hand reaches over towards her, rubbing the back of her head affectionately. That gesture makes her giggle, that signature laugh of hers that's made far too many people fall head over heels for her—including yourself.

"Hff... I took the opportunity to take care of this big 'disturbance' of yours, Anon~ You don't mind that at all, riiight...?" Ayame asks, rhetorical by now. Every time she sleeps in the same bed as you, this happens, and she always asks that question; not once, however, have you ever turned her down, always letting her do as she wishes with your body, the vixen that she secretly is.

Her hot saliva coats this turgid pole of yours, lips clamping tight around the helmet while her dominant hand comes up from between your legs. She reaches for your balls and cups them in the palm of her hand, ever so gently fondling them while she bringing in more of your cock into her mouth, inch after inch. She's seriously way too good at this...

It doesn't take too long until those telltale throbs start, dollops of pre-ejaculate oozing out from the tip of your penis, signaling that you were soon to start erupting. Before you could even warn her however, in the midst of gritting your teeth to hold back a moan, Ayame slowly pulls her head away from your crotch, leaving you to twitch and leak onto the sheets beneath, which have already been stained with all sorts of sexual fluids since last night. Strings of her spittle connect her soft lips with yours, but they break away not shortly after, a fleeting sight, yet one that amplified just how erotic she can be when she wants to. Leaving you hanging like this, you can tell what it is that she wants before she even takes her position, but when the girl finally moves, it just confirms your suspicions.

Ayame quickly moves from where she is, getting right on top of your hips and straddling you right then and there, her round butt grinding against your prick. There have been times where you'd get the upper hand on her, taking the lead and pounding her into the bed, but this isn't one of those days. Her eyes are burning with lust as she stares you down, tongue rolling along the outline of her lips while she sandwiched your cock between her asscheeks.

"Just one more time for today before I have to go home, Anon~" the devious Oni giggles, lifting her hips up and adjusting herself once more so that, this time, your dick is pressed right against her stomach, giving you an idea of just how deep you're about to be inside her, and it makes you throb even harder, yearning to feel her warm insides.

"You know I can't turn you down, you semen demon..." you answer simply, rocking your hips at just the right angle, too agitated to stay still, which seems to please Ayame since she's just given you that signature laugh of hers again after hearing your response. Even after pouring your seed inside her several times the night prior, she's still nowhere near satisfied...

"That's what I like to hear!~" She cheers, just before lifting herself and lining up the entrance of her pussy with the tip of your manhood. Ayame lets a cute huff escape her lips when they start brushing against each other, which is followed by a gasp, as you feel her swallowing up inch after inch of cock.

A shudder runs up your spine at this tremendous warmth that's very quickly enveloping your cock, and you can't help but grunt out "Ayame...!" as she shoves it as deep as it can go into her pussy. Just this is enough to make you want to nut inside her already, but when she doubles over you and starts presses her lips up against yours, it feels as though your mind has short-circuited.

"Hnya... Anon...!" Ayame mewls out against your lips after pulling away briefly for a breath. Even though she's been taking the lead this whole time, your carnal instincts as a man finally kick in, and you eagerly return her kiss with some tongue as a bonus, forcing it into her mouth and making your tongues dance with one another, a tango that's known only by you two.

Hands moving to her hips, Ayame happily lets you take the lead once more, her muffled moans echoing into your mouth as you slam your cock into the depths of her cunt. Beads of sweat begin forming all over your joined bodies now that passion has overtaken reason, noises of pure ecstasy echoing through your bedroom. Her butt isn't exactly the biggest amongst the members of Hololive, but it's plump and round and has ripples going across it constantly every time you thrust up into her. The sounds you two are making have gotten so loud that the neighbors next door start banging on the walls to try and silence you two, but for whatever reason, it only serves to amplify your arousal: like a primal desire to display your dominance.

"Ggh... D-Don't... listen to them..." she says between breaks during your kiss, and you sure as hell don't plan on sparing them any peace today, intent on giving her a thorough, sloppy filling to start the day while you moan in unison. Her hands move to hold onto yours, and you gladly accept them, interweaving those digits with one another...

Once more you groan out her name despite it sounding like a muffled mess, those powerful pulses through your cock giving away the fact that you're about to cum. This time, Ayame doesn't even try to deny you the pleasure of an orgasm, not when she's so close to one herself...

Tightening your grip on her hands, you roll your bodies over, forcing the Oni onto her back while you put her in a mating press in a quick move, and you start going balls deep inside Ayame, sweat flying off your sack before you finally erupt inside her pussy while she has her legs locked around your waist. Just the same, she begins to squirt all over herself and your stomach, pure ecstasy written across her face in the midst of this near-synchronized climax. The two of you just lay there, panting heavily, with Ayame's legs slowly letting go of your figure.

You don't dare pull out of her just yet, wanting to relish this moment of warmth with the girl, in this reverie, but you're brought back to reality as she plants a kiss on your lips, manhood slowly slipping out from her thoroughly stuffed sex so you can roll onto your side next to her. It's a brief kiss, yet you can feel every bit of affection she carries for you in that single smooch, and it's enough to make your heart skip a beat.

"Mmm... Anon... I'll stay a bit longer..." Ayame mumbles out cutely, followed by that giggle which could melt icebergs with how heartwarming it is, lovingly rubbing her cheek up against yours. The two of you lay there in bed, blissful, messy but happy, as the tiredness from that passionate moment crawls up on you two, giving you a couple more hours to enjoy the warmth you two are sharing...