## Differences
by HelloAnonMyOldFriend; Apr 28th, 2017
***
NOTES: Male Human x Female Baron of Hell. Was to be continued with some lewdness involved but I probably won't finish it. Nothing sexually explicit. Expect cuteness and comfiness.

***

&emsp; &emsp;This bar again. I found myself coming back here more and more often in the past few weeks, it had everything: great atmosphere, cool people and the music was awesome, too. There were often random bands playing live, but right now, the stage in the big hall nearby was empty, so the songs in the background were obviously pre-recorded, ranging from up-beat power metal and exotic folk metal through heavy and doom tracks and dipping into the harder stuff. Sometimes it was made by humans, our very diverse voices giving the riffs some spice and variety, sometimes it were demons’ novelty groups, their usually rougher and almost alien-sounding voices giving the songs a delicious twist.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;I leaned back in my chair while holding a lone glass of beer on the table in front of me. I looked around the room that was dimly and warmly illuminated by fires hidden behind bars in the walls. It made the place look kind of cosy, but wild at the same time. Two Hell Knights, both from different planes, were sitting at another table, gripping each other’s hands with stone expressions in their faces trying to push the other one’s arm on the desk. Their worked out muscles were bulging and shaking while a group of Imps gathered around them, cheering. In a corner, an Archvile and a Summoner (one holding a cup of coffee and the other sipping from a mug of tea) seemed to be having an exciting discussion about something. I moved my head and looked at the bar, where a plump Cacodemon waitress was making and serving drinks, chitchatting with customers. My eyes got attracted to a lonely Baroness, fourth plane, with a big tankard in front of her, sitting alone on the other side of the counter.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;She was huge. Not only was she at least four metres tall, but she was absolutely ripped with muscle and with every move they changed shape as the awe-inducing collection of tissue worked very visibly in her body. Her red figure undeniably looked imposing and she didn’t seem to try to hide that with a tight black tank-top and shorts, showcasing all kinds of hard curves on her and some very soft ones. I looked up at her face adorned with two big horns protruding from the sides of her almost bull-like head and was surprised when I noticed that she looked… sad? Her chin resting on her giant clawed fist, she was staring at the table and the glass she was holding with a stoic expression on her face, like she wass trying to disguise her feelings behind the neutral, stone cold mask. She turned her head and noticed that I was looking at her. I quickly lowered my eyes, but it was too late. She just shook her head mildly and returned her attention to the table. It was weird, seeing this giant and scary, yet strangely attractive demon sitting quiet and alone when there were noises of other joyful people all around. A loud thud and roars of approval indicated that one of the Knights won the arm wrestling session.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“Anything else I can get you, sweetie?” The bubbly voice of the Caco waitress made me snap back into reality. I looked up and saw the one-eyed face of the smiling demon girl holding empty mugs and pints in her hands. She was obviously one of the incomers who went for a more human-like look after getting here, with a body, arms and legs and I couldn’t deny that she looked cute with long green hair running down her neck and shoulders.
&emsp; &emsp;“No, thanks. But, if you don’t mind me asking…” I said as she took the empty glass from the table.
&emsp; &emsp;“Yes? I’m listening.” She said with her vibrant voice.
&emsp; &emsp;“What’s the deal with that Baroness, there?” I lowered my own voice a bit and discreetly nodded my head in the direction of the demon at the bar. I heard a quiet thud as the Cacodemon dove down to stand on her feet. Her smile froze and she asked with a less happy tone, “Why are you asking?”
&emsp; &emsp;I explained, “She looks down, you know. Is she sad?”
&emsp; &emsp;The waitress’s expression thawed back and turned into one of understanding. She placed the glassware she was holding on the table before leaning forwards with her hands supporting her, toning down her voice to just barely be heard over the music.
&emsp; &emsp;“Yeah, she’s a real darling, but people seem to be… scared of her. Even the other Spawn here who had a reason to fear Barons back then are friendly with them now, but humans seem to be a bit more frightened. No offense.” She chuckled, before smiling again and continuing, “Hey, I noticed you were checking her out, right?”
&emsp; &emsp;“I mean, I was just looking around here, nothing weird about that, is it?” I said. The Caco laughed, “Yeah, but you weren’t really measuring those Knights, now were you?”
&emsp; &emsp;I had no answer.
&emsp; &emsp;“I know what you’re thinking. She’s nice, don’t be afraid of her.” The waitress said and giggled before floating away, leaving me alone in my place.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;I stood up and went to the bar. The two hellions were doing another round of comparing their strength, much to the delight of the Imp crowd. I walked past them and when I was close enough to the near-empty table, the Baroness noticed me and looked at me with a puzzled and perhaps almost an annoyed expression in her face. The strange skin on it was smooth, but her features were rough and brutish, giving her a young, but serious look. She was about to look away, had I not spoken up.
&emsp; &emsp;“Is that seat free?” I asked. Her movement stopped and she stared at my face for a second before turning her head and replying, “I suppose so.”
&emsp; &emsp;I sat down on the empty stool next to her and immediately noticed the warmth radiating from her. I couldn’t say it was unpleasant, even if the place was pretty warm already. The Baroness’s face fixed at the shelves with bottles of liquor, she asked with a deep and a little rough, but unmistakably feminine voice, “Before you say anything else, why did you sit here?”
&emsp; &emsp;I leaned my head back to look her in the eyes and, not fully comfortable, I asked, “Excuse me?”
&emsp; &emsp;The Baroness fidgeted in place and looked at me, scanning me with her glowing green eyes, “Sorry, it’s just that humans seem to have a tendency to avoid me… and most other demons taller than them.”
&emsp; &emsp;I smiled, “Do I look like that?”
&emsp; &emsp;Her face was still sober, “Exactly. Are you seriously trying to talk with me or are you just too drunk for your instinct of self-preservation to kick in?”
&emsp; &emsp;Not breaking eye contact, I chuckled a little before replying, “I think my instincts are fine.”
&emsp; &emsp;“I see.” She looked forwards again. I noticed the corners of her mouth rising a little.
&emsp; &emsp;“My name’s Dhekra, by the way.”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;A quiet giggle from the bar woke us from the short awkward silence that ensued.
&emsp; &emsp;“Hey, I didn’t see you here. Want some more to drink, you two?” The Cacodemon asked with her sweet voice after floating in. We ordered, a pint of the golden brew for me and something resembling more of a hectolitre of a stronger beer for the big demon next to me. I took a good sip while the waitress filled the Baroness’ tankard, chatting with us in the meantime.
&emsp; &emsp;“Who’s this fella, anyway?” she asked with a snarky tone and tried to mimic a wink in my direction with her one eye, “Didn’t you say humans run away when they see you?”
&emsp; &emsp;The Baroness responded, her voice betraying the amusement she was hiding behind her cold expression, “Don’t kid me, Nima, I saw you two talking back there.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, he wanted to know more about that cute Archie guy over there, he wasn’t asking about you.” We both looked at the waitress. She returned the look before laughing, “Come on, I was just kidding, of course he was asking about you, weren’t ya’?” She looked at me and I felt my cheeks getting hot from embarrassment. I looked away, “I, uh, yeah…” God damn it.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;The Caco left to attend other customers, leaving me and the big demon alone again.
&emsp; &emsp;“You know, I’m still not sure you’re not crazy, people usually flinch at any movement I do around them in the very least.” Dhekra asked while holding her drink. I started to think for a moment before responding; in front of me was a five metre tall demon with some serious muscle, to say the least. Should I be afraid of her? I looked up at her face. If she was angry, probably; but her expression was more of an opposite of that. Were other people that jumpy? In the corner of my sight I saw the two Knights, laughing and drinking. Did they look scary? Maybe a little, but there seemed to be a positive aura around them; unpredictable, but cheery and happy, not brutish and angry. The noticeable difference was slight but distinct. Did people not notice that?
&emsp; &emsp;“Maybe they don’t see past your imposing looks,” I started, “when they see someone, they often start suspecting the worst. They don’t stop to think about you as a person inside or get to know how you feel.” Was that the beer talking for me? Before I could wonder about what I just said, the Baroness let out a sigh that resonated through the table and my hand to me, followed by a wave of warm breath hitting the top of my head. I looked up and saw the demon smiling mildly. Her eyes seemed to glow in a different way, they were still brightly green, but something about them seemed heartier.
&emsp; &emsp;“Thank you, that’s very kind of you,” It sounded quieter than before, but no less strong, “and I’m sorry for being suspicious of you before.” She seemed almost embarrassed but she wasn’t showing it.
&emsp; &emsp;“It’s okay. I would be, too.” I let my hand go off the now empty beer glass and rested it on the table while a silence spread, more comfortable than the last. Well, it wasn’t exactly quiet with the music and noise around, but it felt calm and strangely safe here. I noticed a movement before a giant clawed hand appeared on mine, red, rough and muscular, but warm and gentle. My palm was barely larger than Dhekra‘s two fingers.
&emsp; &emsp;“When did you get here, if you don’t mind?” I inquired; the demon seemed knowledgeable about her surroundings.
&emsp; &emsp;“About… five or six months, I think.” She paused to take a sip, “It was like this ever since I and Nimara got here. They quickly started trusting both of us but they always seemed nervous around me, wincing at every movement I did or when I was taking medical checks. It wasn’t like that around Nima, especially after her transformation. When we left, it was the same. Even when I got to know someone better, it was like their instincts told them to flinch every time I moved too close. They didn’t find me evil, but not trustworthy, either.”
&emsp; &emsp;I remembered the name of the waitress, “Nimara, is that the Cacodemon? Do you know her?” I asked. Dhekra took another sip, showing her buffed muscle under the pinkish skin, before responding, “Yeah, I do. Let’s just say we both realised that Hell is kind of an awful place at the same time. I don’t think either of us would be here without us helping each other.” Still holding the almost empty glass, she finished her drink before putting the tankard down, “She’s been a good friend to me. Well, she’s able to be friendly with anyone.” The Baroness looked down at me and continued, “Unlike hers, my kind is usually more solitary. I’m glad I got her,” I felt a tight squeeze of my hand, “and maybe someone else.”
&emsp; &emsp;Feeling warmer from the closeness to the tall demon (and the alcohol) and slowly getting tired of the constant noise around, an idea started sounding good in my head.
&emsp; &emsp;“Dhekra? Would you like to maybe come over to my place later?” I asked straightly. The demon let go of my hand and looked down at me with a somewhat embarrassed face, “Oh, I… I’d really like to, but…” Oh boy, did I go too far?
&emsp; &emsp;“…but…?” I followed. Dhekra sighed before responding, “Well… I’m not sure if I would fit in a human apartment.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh.” I tried to imagine the giant Baroness try to walk through the two metres high door of my flat and chuckled at the thought of that before realising that the problems would only get worse from there. I looked away before returning my eyes to Dhekra again, “Yeah, I didn’t think about that…”
&emsp; &emsp;Suddenly, I felt the warmth of her palm on my hand again.
&emsp; &emsp;“Maybe we could go to my place, though.” I looked up and saw her smiling mildly. My good spirits returned, “That… that would be nice, actually. Is it okay with you, though?”
&emsp; &emsp;She replied while rolling her head a little and scratching herself at the base of a horn, “Yes, I don’t mind. I think our little problem will be more easily solvable when it’s the complete opposite.”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“Hey, how are you doing, you tw–,” Nimara showed up from behind the bar before noticing us holding hands. A wide smile appeared on her face, “Aww, that’s so sweet!” She placed her hand on her mouth, followed by a giggle.
&emsp; &emsp;“Anyway… anything else I can get you? Do you have any plans?” She asked, checking us out. Dhekra leaned on the table with the support of her buffed arm, “We agreed that his apartment might be a bit too small.”
&emsp; &emsp;The Cacodemon laughed, “Yeah, my place survived you, I’m not so sure if another one would, starting with the entrance…,” I cracked up, “…and ending with you trying to sit on a sofa, right?” Nimara finished while looking at Dhekra.
&emsp; &emsp;“How are you going to work it out, though? Humans don’t fly. At least, I don’t think they do, uh… do they?” She looked at me and I replied after recomposing myself, “No, they don’t.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Right, well, I think they – you – are much better at climbing than us, though.” She said with a grin slowly appearing on her face.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;We paid and said goodbye to Nima before leaving, stepping into the fresh and milder air of Mars.
&emsp; &emsp;“So… where are we going?” I asked, looking up at the giant silhouette of the red demon, her muscles visible even in the dim light with her eyes glowing like two bright green spots in the darkness around.
&emsp; &emsp;“Not that far, actually, just a few minutes,” she looked down at my visage, tiny in comparison with my head at the level of her muscular thighs, “though I’m not sure how long it would take you. Oh. Sorry, I didn’t mean to–,” not taking any offense, I stopped her, “Hey, it’s fine. Worst case scenario, I can ruuu–…” I couldn’t finish my sentence when suddenly a giant clawed hand grabbed me and lifted me off the ground, noticeably gently, before seating me on Dhekra’s shoulder. I immediately felt much warmer and a little light-headed from the sudden height I was at.
&emsp; &emsp;“I have a better idea. Hold on to this.” She said with apparent amusement in her voice while she rolled her head before one of her horns was right in front of me. I stared at it for a second, “Are you okay with this?” I asked, not sure if she doesn’t mind being held by her head’s impressive adornment. She turned her head to me, barely missing my body with it and looked at me, smiling, before responding, “You don’t have to. If you fall, I’ll catch you either way, but I’m not sure I’d be able to control the amount of strength I’d put into it.”
&emsp; &emsp;Her face was at the level of my stomach, letting me to see every detail of it while every word she said covered me in her warm breath. It smelled a bit of pepper in a good way; fresh and a little spicy, but pleasant. I noticed that the Baroness didn’t change her look much, unlike Nima at the bar, with dark red lips being the only visible treatment she got. The skin on her was mostly smooth and hard, a little bit like leather, but more adaptable and not dry. A few scars riddled her face, mostly healed, but very mildly visible, reminding me of her warrior past. The top of her head was hairless, but unlike on most humans, it didn’t look strange or off but rather natural. The dark brown horns protruding from the sides were colder than the rest of her and very hard; they were anything but smooth, making them easy to hold on to, but there were really no distinct features. They bended a little forwards, seemingly perfect for impaling and stabbing an unfortunate enemy that would get too close to the Baroness. I liked how naturally ferocious and wild Dhekra looked while emanating a friendly, loving presence; strong and guarding, gentle and caring.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;We set out and talked along the way, passing a few demons and humans alike who curiously looked at the gigantic Hell woman, carrying a human on her shoulder, gently clasping his legs between her forearm and her busty, muscular chest while his arm was wrapped around her head.
&emsp; &emsp;“How did you get this fit? It’s spectacular.” I asked. Dhekra looked away, hiding a small smile.
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, thank you. My kind is very much predisposed for strength; even more so than the Knights who don’t have much else besides it, and our muscles don’t naturally deteriorate. There’s some chemistry going on, but the point is, unless the tissue is completely torn apart, it stays strong.” She explained, quite proudly. Damn, that could come in handy for humans.
&emsp; &emsp;“Is there any disadvantage to this?” I asked some more in amazement.
&emsp; &emsp;“Hmm… I think yes, technically. It takes more energy to maintain those muscles, but since in Hell you very quickly either die or kill and feast, it wasn’t a problem. And here, food’s plentiful.”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;A few minutes later, we arrived at a building that looked like a standard UAC apartment unit but more than twice as large in all dimensions. I didn’t realise how big the front door was until we were close enough for me to see where the top of it was and where the ground was. Dhekra gently grabbed me again and put me down on the ground while the door automatically unlocked and opened after scanning the incomers.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Stepping inside, I quickly noticed that while the general layout of the flat is similar to a human housing, the details are much more different. Even though some base parts of the walls and floors were made out of the bluish metal alloy that was the standard around here, for the most part the place seemed to be built from wood and stone. The architecture had a rustic, almost primitive style to it, but everything was polished and smooth, making it not look old. It did look incredibly cosy, though. The traditional materials made the reflected light warmer, giving even the lobby a calming feel. I also felt like a dwarf because every piece of furniture was twice as big as those I was used to. Anything that was meant to be sat on, I would have to climb it.
&emsp; &emsp;“Take off your shoes, if you want.” Dhekra said while kicking off the strange hoofwear she was wearing. It looked kind of stylish and interesting; I didn’t know demon fashion was that quick to emerge here. I left my shoes next to demon’s and followed her. For each step she made, I did three.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;We entered the living room, which was more of a hall for me, but it was filled with stuff appropriate for it. It looked even cosier, with more furniture being made of ornamented wood combined with metallic materials, nicely merging old and new. One half of the room, elevated after a few stairs, was dedicated to spending free time, with a sofa (more like a wide bed), a fireplace and even an almost camouflaged monitor screen above it, while the other half was a comparatively smaller kitchen with modern equipment mostly embedded in the walls. The standard windows on the opposite side of the door were standard and clear, letting the room get naturally illuminated throughout the day.
&emsp; &emsp;“Damn. A nice place you’ve got here.” I looked around the den before realising something.
&emsp; &emsp;“Is that fireplace safe? With all that wood around, you know…” I looked up at Dhekra. She looked away and cleared her throat, “Well, it’s not really a fire. It’s just, what’s it called, a hologram with a heating unit built-in.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh. Looks neat, though.” I slowly started walking around, looking at the various items in this a bit surreally enlarged world. It didn’t feel like I was horribly small, like an ant, but more like a little child, wandering around the furniture that I was almost able to use properly but with severe obstructions. 
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Suddenly, I heard a strange sound from Dhekra behind me. I turned around and saw her trying to keep her serious face and posture while… giggling?
&emsp; &emsp;“I’m sorry, I just… didn’t know you would look that cute when wandering around this place.”
&emsp; &emsp;I stared at her confused for a few seconds before realising what she said. I looked away while I couldn’t help but smile. I felt my cheeks getting hot from the flattered embarrassment. Did she really call me ‘cute’?
&emsp; &emsp;“I hope I didn’t say too much… I’ll explain,” the Baroness watched me for a moment before walking past me, “take a seat wherever you want, though that sofa might be the safest for you,” she said as she took out two large glasses from a cupboard, “would you like something to drink?”
&emsp; &emsp;I climbed onto the couch that really felt like a wide, elongated and L-shaped bed to me. When trying to sit like usual, my feet were half a metre above the ground and the recliner was too far behind me, so I raised my legs and turned my body and used the armrest to lean my back onto.
&emsp; &emsp;“Just water, thanks.” I replied and watched Dhekra pour a clear liquid to one cup before stopping at the other one. She shook her head with a guttural chuckle as she returned the empty glass and took out something that resembled a liquor shot in its shape but its size was really more of a regular man-made glass. She turned around and walked to the sofa, her hooves making a muffled thud with each step, along with a quiet clop now that they weren’t encased in shoes anymore. She handed me the glass in her claws when walking past me before taking a seat on the opposite end of the sofa and crossing her legs.
&emsp; &emsp;“I still don’t understand this stuff,” she said after taking a sip of water from her glass, “sometimes it feels amazing to drink it and other times it’s not good at all, but I think the taste is always the same.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Yeah, humans find it really bland when we’re not thirsty, but when you’re parched or after you’re done with some exercise, it’s suddenly the best thing in the world. Now that I think of it, I don’t understand it, either.” I drank some, too, and looked at Dhekra.
&emsp; &emsp;“Anyway… what did you say there about me?” I felt the corners of my mouth moving on their own in a smile. The Baroness leaned back and hid her face in her free hand, frowning and muttering something. I couldn’t understand much of it except ‘Sin, this is embarrassing,’ and ‘I didn’t even drink that much.’
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Dhrekra finally revealed her eyes again and replied, “Exactly what you’ve heard. I probably shouldn’t have said it, but I’m not taking it back.” Her expression was stoic again, but her voice sounded flustered. I grinned, “I didn’t really hear you there, what exactly did you say?”
&emsp; &emsp;A deep grunt resonated from the Baroness, sending vibrations throughout the room.
&emsp; &emsp;“Alright,” she put the glass aside, “I don’t know about others, but to me, you humans… look cute with all those big, shiny eyes, smooth, soft skin, fluffy hair and all.” With each word she said, I turned my head away more until I couldn’t take it anymore, burying my face in the pillow next to me. I didn’t know how to feel, being this strangely complimented and adored by a gigantic, muscular demon and I couldn’t stop snickering from it.
&emsp; &emsp;“And, well… the way you were stumbling around here with everything being bigger than you… I need to stop.” Dhekra returned her attention to the glass of water and downed it before putting it emptied on a table next to the couch. I sat up and moved closer to her, right in front of a giant hoof, resting on her other leg.
&emsp; &emsp;“Well, I guess that answers some things.” I said with a smile. The Baroness fidgeted in place before asking, “What things?”
&emsp; &emsp;It took me a moment to think before I cleared my throat and looked Dhekra in the eyes again, “I didn’t understand why you seemed… interested in a human. I’m tiny and weak in comparison, there’s no way around it. Even for a human I’m neither strong nor tall. But what you said…” I didn’t know what to add, so I ended it simply, “Thank you.”
&emsp; &emsp;I heard her sigh before she spoke up, “And I didn’t understand why a human would ask me out, either; don’t I look monstrous to you? I kept my visage after getting here for the most part, unlike some others. I was – well, I still am – afraid that I look like nothing more than an evil beast from Hell, like we used to be.”
&emsp; &emsp;I dragged myself closer to her before sitting next to her resting hand. I placed mine on it, tiny and almost chubby in comparison.
&emsp; &emsp;“Don’t worry, you don’t. I like you more than others, Dhekra.” I moved my fingers across the demon’s rough arm, “You’re beautiful; monstrously, maybe, but beautiful nonetheless.” I stopped myself, wondering about what I just said. I thought the haze of drunken confidence has fallen off of me already.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;For a few seconds, there was silence, until I heard a single quiet sob. The arm I was holding grabbed me behind my back before placing me on Dhekra’s chest. She hugged me, which felt like all my bones were being crushed, trying to gently rest her head on mine that was forcefully buried in her tank top while my arms were desperately holding on to her shoulders. Not being able to take any air into my lungs, I started to feel dizzy. I groaned (yelped would be more accurate), trying to get the demon to release the pressure on me. Hearing it, she immediately let go of my head, letting me gasp for air.
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, oh, I’m so sorry, are you–…” She looked and sounded scared, unusual for her otherwise rough and strong voice. I looked away to cough before starting to laugh, “Yeah, I’m fine, it’s okay.”
&emsp; &emsp;“But I could’ve hurt you! I didn’t want to do that.” She continued, not even trying to hide her emotions like she usually did. With my arms still wrapped around the back of her neck, I pulled myself up and closer to her face before planting a small kiss on her lips.
&emsp; &emsp;“Wha–…” Dhekra blurted out before going quiet.
&emsp; &emsp;“Don’t worry about it,” I reassured her, smiling, “humans are just a bit… fragile.” I said before slowly collapsing on her chest in a hug once more. Soon, the Baroness carefully and hesitantly put her hand on my back again. I noticed that even though her bust seemed naturally armoured and hard, it felt softer than the rest of her body, at least through her clothing. There was something strangely comforting about lying in an embrace of a demon like this; a giant bulky demon, protecting me; capable of killing me instantly, but afraid of hurting me.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;My head pushing against the mass of muscle, my nose picked up a strange and intense yet nice and calming musk. It was mostly indescribable, but I could smell a mild scent of sulphur; it smelled weird and alien, but also natural. I felt oddly safe and warm in it with a tiny bit of arousal, probably because of the area of Dhrekra’s body my face was planted in. I felt sleepy but I didn’t want to pass out right now, even if right here it would be very nice; maybe later. Slowly, I sat up and moved down to sit next to the Baroness, which wasn’t that easy, with her thighs higher than most stairs I encountered.
&emsp; &emsp;“Is something wrong?”
&emsp; &emsp;“Not at all, but I almost fell asleep up there,” I reclined myself against her waist, “it felt nice and safe, you know?”
&emsp; &emsp;Dhekra looked at me for a second, seemingly puzzled about something.
&emsp; &emsp;“Huh, so that was it? I thought you looked bored. Sometimes, I don’t understand humans.” She said with a chuckle, resting her hand on my legs. I looked at her giant, scarred fingers, ending with black, sharp claws; they were scary, those of a warrior. I grabbed two of them with my hands and tried something. Applying pressure in various areas with my own palms and digits, I began massaging them, lightly at first, before realising Dhekra most probably couldn’t even feel my caresses unless I’d put some strength in them. So I did and moved up to the top of her hand, feeling the texture of her skin, pressing onto it with as much strength I had without getting too enervated.
&emsp; &emsp;“What are you– oh, that… feels nice, how are you doing it?” The demon asked curiously. I chuckled and panted a bit, “Putting all of my strength into you. This would be painful for a human and you barely feel it,” I stopped the massage because my hands were starting to hurt, “maybe we could do something else? I could try to jump on you to give you back rubs, but…” Dhekra let out a laugh that seemingly vibrated the entire room. The hand on my thighs jumped with her, brushing against me roughly, but I didn't mind it.
&emsp; &emsp;“I’d usually go get a bath around this time, but I’m not sure if it would be good for you, you know.”
&emsp; &emsp;I smiled, “Oh, I wouldn’t mind, but I understand if you don’t want me to see you…”
&emsp; &emsp;“No, no, I mean, there’s a lot of water there, or can humans breathe underwater?”
&emsp; &emsp;Oh, I get it now. I couldn’t help but giggle at that and explained, “No, we can’t, but we can swim.”
&emsp; &emsp;“Really? I guess that makes sense. Oh, right, swimming pools.” She looked at me, smiling and on brink of breaking into laughter again, “I really hope I’m not dumb like this when sober. Let me just get some stuff.” The Baroness suddenly got up, her movements quick and excited. Before I could tell her that I don’t think she’s dumb, she left the room and returned a moment later with two rugs, their size comparable to tarp sheets.
&emsp; &emsp;“Ready? I think you’ll like this.” She said with a grin and eyes glowing strongly when she appeared in the door frame. I jumped down the sofa and the stairs and followed her out of the living room.
