It might happen on a warm summer day when students wear their lighter uniforms so anyone still donning their heavy winter robes despite the scorching sun end up drawing unwanted attention...Especially from bored Slytherins trying to pass the time inbetween afternoon classes.

This lead to this particular Hufflepuff girl finding herself being crowded by a group of boys from aforementioned house, being jostled and having her robes pulled at while enduring a barrage of jabs asking her if she's daft and 'kindly' encouraging her to remove the offending article. Things escalate as these situations tend to do and end with her falling sideways into the pond of the transifiguration courtyard and she's met with ringing silence replacing the cruel laughs of her tormentors as their eyes fall on the now soaked fabric clinging to her...Revealing a well-kept secret kept in check thanks to a hunched posture and billowing robes. She feels her cheeks heat up as she wraps her arms over her chest, tears stinging her eyes as shame rises like bile within her.

Before anyone can fire off a scathing remark one of her wrists is enveloped by a larger hand and she's pulled back onto dry ground, laughs and filthy encouragments spilling from the group behind them as she's pulled into an empty corridor by a Slytherin who's clearly expected to unleash some particularly untoward bullying on her in private.

Pleads of apology (for what she's not sure but the look in his eyes when she dares glance up at him demands it of her) spill from her mouth in the enclosed space of the rarely used, cramped storeroom he's dragged them into. 

He's close enough for her to feel the warmth of his body contrasting the increasing chill her wet attire provides but is soon forgotten as he unhooks the clasp on her robe and pulls it off of her to reveal her uniform underneath. "You...disgusting..." His voice sounds strange, faltering. A tone she's never heard from him before and it scares her. "I'm sorry." She blurts out once more and his hands fly to grab both of her shoulders, a yelp leaving her as she's pushed against the wall and feels his body against hers. "You've had these all along? All this time? Why?" He hisses the question with such venom it's like she's caused him personal insult.

His knee is pressing against her crotch and if she didn't know better she'd think he'd wedged it underneath her on purpose as she's forced to stand uncomfortably on her toes due to their height difference. She squirms in his grasp but remains quiet. She knows he isn't expecting her to answer him and she's too mortified by her breasts being pushed against him to form a sentence even if she wanted to. "What need," his hands shift from her shoulders to her breasts, lifting them to feel the heft as he continues. "Would a stupid witch like you have of these?"