Sex with Mio is a lot like laying in bed after an exhausting day's labor in the heart of autumn - it's refreshing, comfortable and there's no place in the world you'd rather be at that point in time.

On her typical days she is all about you - licking your ears, lightly biting your neck and shoulder and running her fingernails down your chest like she knows you love. You kiss and kiss and kiss, sometimes for an hour or more while your fingers comb through her thick wavy hair, her tail progressively uncoiling from her thigh as a sign of her arousal, her womanly pride giving way to her wolfish instincts until it wags excitedly from side to side.

Her hand isn't as soft as it could be, she is a great housekeeper after all, but it's the perfect hand to grip your cock and feel you up all over while she positions herself just above you, eventually lowering her hips until your crown kisses her meaty innie lips and with a shake of her hips she engulfs you down to the base, sending indescribable pleasure up your spine. She grunts and she moans, grinding her clitoris against your groin and stirring up her honeypot with your pole, the stimulation of her cervix by your glans making her upper body weak, weak enough she collapses onto your arms and the two of you simply share a long hug whilst connected as one.

Mio giggles and licks the base of your neck once she returns to the grind, happy to hear the grunts and gasps she extracts out of you while you make love. She will tease you and coax you, begging you to cum inside her at any time, saying she loves to feel your seed inside her. That she can't wait until she's pregnant, that you can't cum anywhere else until she is. And the verbal stimulation finally gets to you and you hug her waist, squishing her chest against yours while you pick up the pace and use her squirming vagina for what it was made for until you orgasm, rope after rope of white semen traveling up her canal and putting pressure against the entrance of her baby room, the feeling of fullness triggering an orgasm of her own, a whimper then a howl of pleasure as her muscles contract and milk you for all you have.

And when you're done, Mio simply lays on top of you, motionless, happy with hearing your heartbeat while your semi-erect cock plugs her cunt and makes sure none of your seed goes anywhere until she's knocked up.

It's the best...

On occasion however... Your warm and comfortable bed turns into a radical descent through the rapids where you need to think quickly so as to not drown.

When she's in estrus, the gentle lovemaking that's her signature gets tossed out of the window along with her clothes and inhibitions the moment you walk through the door. She catches you by surprise, silently like a predator, wrapping her arms around your waist and rubbing her naked body on your back, spreading her scent all over you as if to mark her as yours. The you can't get more than a few steps inside before she's on her tiptoes and licking your ears, struggling to unbutton your shirt, her tail wagging wildly and knocking down photos and knick knacks until you've made it to the sofa, or any comfortable spot.

She spreads your arms apart and kisses you with the heat of a supergiant, her tongue prodding the deepest confines of your mouth and her saliva leaving a clear sheen on your cheeks, chin and lips. Finally you overpower her, flipping her on her back and pinning her down, though this doesn't do much to curb her unleashed breeding instincts as she unzips your pants and undresses you violently, both hands caressing your abdomen leaving behind plenty of needy scratch marks until they both reach your shaft, her hands preparing you lovingly by stroking up and down, rubbing her palm against your tip.

She breaks off the kiss, allowing both of you to catch your breaths; satisfied with the preparations, Mio's blush deepens as she grabs he back of her knees and pulls them to her chest, presenting her drooling pussy to you for the taking, her submissive position an admission that she wants to be bred by none other than you, right here and right now. And her expression melts into pure pleasure as you stick it inside her, spreading apart her incredibly hot folds just as her body's instincts kick in and her muscles tighten up, massaging your shaft like a milking machine. In this position her womb is so easy to hit, and with each thrust down you tickle it from below, making her cry out in pleasure as tears of satisfaction run down her half-closed honey-colored eyes.

You let your weight rest against hers, squishing her into a brutal mating press, but she wants nothing more than to be taken by you here and now, sticking her tongue out for you to suck and lick as you see fit. By now she has orgasmed three, four times, her body trembling each time she does and more drool leaves the corners of her mouth. You pound and pound her, knowing her body can take it until you grunt into her neck, her hands flaying your back with her nails while your cock throbs and pulsates, all the semen you had stored in your testicles being sprayed out right against her cervix and each spurt knocking on her baby room.

Mio's first words come out, and all she can say is "I love you" repeatedly while she kisses your cheeks, neck and forehead, her hips rocking back and forth as she is able to make sure she keeps you erect; and erect you stay until your wolf wife is wholly satisfied, four or five cumshots later...