#Southern Comfort#
##"Slobbering on Anthro Virginias"##
>Your name is Anon, a southerner that's spent the last four years as a yankee getting his college degree.
>After which, you've "decided" to move back to your parents' farm to work off some of your crippling debt.
>Once you arrived, you were greeted by familiar faces and nostalgic places from your childhood.
>However, one face is new...but not really. She seemed so familiar, yet you can't for the life of you remember where you've met an eight-foot she-wolf before.
>She's wearing daisy dukes with a flannel shirt and, aside from a shit-eating grin, not much else.
>And still, you can't place who she is until she traps you under her arm and gives you the most aggressive hair-ruffling of your lifetime.
>Ah. You remember this loving headlock now: It's got to be none other than your childhood frenemy Nancy. Equal parts your partner in crime and source of at least two scars and several bruises over the years.
>You're released from your merciless noogie to the chorus of cackles from your cocky childhood canine conspirator.
>But, as you look up her absolute size, something seems much different. She's fucking HUGE!
>When you ask her about how fucking huge she is, she says simply "I'm a wolf, you dweeb."
>Oh. You aren't all that observant, it seems.
>The rest of your day is spent with Nancy, catching up and finding out about life past high-school.
>You tell her about your BS and your plans on working as a professional pill pusher, and she tells you about her years working for your parents as a farmhand.
>Though she shows more than tells, flexing and showing off as she walks you through her daily tasks.
>Suddenly an axe is shoved into your hand and she tells you to go chop some wood for her while she goes to get the two of you some refreshments.
>You're used to her shoving her chores onto you, so you figure it's less effort to argue than to have a reason to bug her about free soda for a year.
>But...man. You were NOT cut out for this, it seems.
>A few logs in and your arms had been replaced with lead duplicates.
>You could just barely hear the rustling over your own panting.
>Wait...rustling?
>Oh. Rustling!
>This was also a familiar game between you two, and you wanted to kick yourself for not realizing her scheme earlier.
>You, all alone in the forest, and a mischievous do -wolf in an unknown location nearby.
>You dropped the axe to listen and figure what direction she'd be coming from this time.
>Was it the left? Maybe the right? 
>Was she right behind you, about to suplex you again?
>Turned out your answers were all wrong: the attack came from above.
>You looked up just in time to spot hundreds of pounds of fur and muscle barrelling down own you with a maniac smile.
>The impact sent the two of you rolling, and you got a second to watch as one of your shoes was knocked loose and sent flying along with the rest of you.
>The two of you rolled, wrestling until you finally pinned her underneath you.
>Only for her to roll the both you you around and reverse the pin with ease.
>And...you're stuck. There was basically no way she's getting off until you call uncle.
>Which you were about to do, right until you noticed a couple of things.
>First, is that she didn't have a single drink on her!
>Second is that she also didn't have a single scrap of clothes on her!!
>While you tried to figure which one was worse, your mouth spoke for you.
>You told her that she's naked.
>She nodded.
>You asked her if she's gonna do the thing.
>She nodded again, smile growing wider.
>Memories flash back to where your wrestling always inevitably went: dry humping in the woods.
>But something tells you it wouldn't be that dry.
>You could all but feel her soaking through your jeans.
>"Hey...Anon." Nancy asked, still grinding herself against you, "I wanna try something new."
>The grinding intensified, until your groin was just as hot and soaked as hers was.
>You weren't sure when your hands started to unbuckle your jeans, but she was already one step ahead of you.
>You learned something about those claws that was both terrifying and exciting: denim didn't mean shit to them!
>Your jeans were replaced by tatters and promptly tossed past the trees.
>Your shirt's buttons went flying as it got torn open.
>"Been waiting years for this." she panted, "Was gonna go hunt you down in the city!"
>Your boxers went next, but not before they were brought up to her snoot and aggressively sniffed.
>She got a full-body shudder from that act, juicing herself even more.
>"When you left, I was devastated you know?"
>A rough paw began stroking your half-hard shaft...
>"My favorite chew toy just up and left to become a doctor."
>It was rigid in seconds, and she returned to grinding against your length.
>"Years I was alone here; Nobody wanted to play with the 'Big Bad Wolf', without Anon to protect them."
>Your ankles were hoisted up, and your entire lower half brought up with them.
>She sat on your lap like that, careful not to rest her full weight on you.
>Her arousal ran down your chest in two steady streams.
>"But now you're back! Back where you belong!"
>She took your manhood in her hand, guiding it up against her heat.
>It was practically on fire!
>"Now I ain't gonna let you get away again!"
>She raised her hips, before lowering them back down with your shaft embedded in her.
>She shuddered again, and you could feel her already wringing you for your seed.
>You wanted to ask if she really just came, but were too distracted by the hot wet embrace swallowing up your most precious tool.
>The two of you lingered there for a second, basking in the feeling of each other, before her hips began to move.
>"Gonna give me a pup, Anon!"
>And got more intense...
>"Gonnna make me a mmom tonight, Aannoonn!"
>Her voice was almost feral, practically slobbering as she got lost in her own fantasies and the sensations you were inflicting on her.
>"You'll make..."
>Another shuddering release as she willed her eyes to meet yours again.
>Gaze both filled with absolute love, and terrifyingly strong lust.
>All capped off with a predatory grin.
>"Such a perfect father!"
>And she resumed, with double the effort.
>Your brain was frazzled. The position, her intensity, and adrenaline combined into a mind-frying mixture that had you say one thing again and again.
>Yes.
>Hell yes!
>You weren't sure where you planned to go in the future, but one thing was certain: she was coming with you!
>Your heart and head had made that choice before your mind could catch up properly.
>You gripped the grass beneath you as your body finally surrendered to her frantic assault!
>You howled!
>She actually howled!
>And the two of you raced each other to the peak.
>This time, her legs did give out, the two of you collapsing into a tangled mess of limbs, flesh and fur.
>Eventually your mind caught up to the last few minutes.
>To the blissed-out wolf who had likely just fucked herself pregnant on you.
>Part of you hoped she was joking.
>Part of you hoped she wasn't...
>The idea of her carrying your child gave your member new life, and Nancy was quick to respond.
>"More."
>She rolled you onto your back and mounted you, guiding your back to where you rightfully belonged.
>"I need more, Anon..."
>Her hips began to move again and your higher thinking turned off.
>...
>The rest of the afternoon was a bit of a blur, with the most prominent memory you stumbling back to your bed feeling like you were mauled.
>But, as you passed out, you didn't feel any regret.
>Which was good, since a month later your suspicions were confirmed by a remarkably ecstatic Nancy kicking your door in at 2am.
>After the two of you made love again, the following morning you let your parents know about your upcoming union.
>They were wondering if you were still going to work.
>It was at that point, a month after knocking up your childhood friend, that you finally learned that "working as a farmhand" was more "gaining ownership of the whole estate".
>The idea of Nancy as anything other than a meathead unnerves you to this day.
>But you still wanted to work!
>Because you'd hate to disappoint your soon-to-be wife.
>Because you'd hate to make a liar out of her after all this time.
>Because you knew what she saw in you: a perfect father.
>...
>You never did get that soda...
==I'm bad at endings.==