#A Pirate's Life For Her


Amaranthy’s breath caught in her chest. She could scarcely comprehend what she was looking at. The number seemed to grow in front of her eyes, before rising in her throat, leading to her exclaiming it at the top of her lungs.

“WAH-WAH-ONE HUNDRED MILLION!”

Amaranthy fell down onto her giant butt. That wasn’t a comment or insult against her weight; she *was* a giant, and a gigantic giant at that! Whereas most of her kind topped out at around 65 feet, she stood at a staggering 90! But while she had always felt insecure over her height, it had nothing to do with her current situation. 

“WHAT THE HELL DID I DO TO DESERVE A BOUNTY! LET ALONE ONE THIS STUPIDLY HIGH! OH GOD! MY LIFE IS OVVVEEEEERRR!”

The comparatively tiny wanted poster was crushed in her giant hand, and as she grabbed her head in panic, she began stomping her feet in despair.

“Umm, miss! P-please calm down!”

The pirate courier hadn’t expected this! Her job was to bring the updated wanted posters to the targets. The pay was pretty good; most pirates loved competing over who had the highest bounty, and the higher the bounty, the bigger a tip she got for prompt service. It was a comfortable and simple life; neither side had problems with her, but both sides paid her! So, when she got a 100 million bounty poster to deliver, she thought that it was an easy top tip. So, imagine her shock when 1. The bounty was on a giant who could be mistaken for a mountain than a person. 2. Instead of being happy, she looked like she was having a panic attack!

“OH GOD OH GOD OH GOD! WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DOOOOOO!”

She was crying? The courier had never seen a giant cry, but it seemed their tears were as big as everything else about them! She only barely managed to dodge a drop that was bigger than her before deciding that, if this tantrum continued, the island she was currently standing on could be destroyed! Summoning all her lung capacity, she yelled:

“EXCUSE ME, MISS!”
“Huh?”

That managed to get through to the rampaging giantess. But now what? What was this courier supposed to say to prevent it from just resuming?

“Um, well, if you have a super high bounty like this, then why don’t you go join a pirate crew? I’ve met a lot, and I’m sure they’d love to have you! You’d probably have your pick!”

Amaranthy paused, contemplating the notion. Pirates? Long term, it would cause more problems than solve, owing to the innately confrontational life they led against the World Government. However, in the short term it would allow powerful allies, and without that she wouldn’t *have* a long term! She made up her mind. Better to live now, and possibly die later, than to face against a cavalcade of bounty hunters and die now! A fist bigger than a man slammed down on her other palm, as her tears gave way to determination.

“That’s a good idea! At least for now, that’s my best bet! Thank you, miss!”

Amaranthy knew the custom to tip in these lands, and while she was far from rolling in cash, she had some savings in addition to her belongings. Being a grateful sort, she pulled out the smallest (for her) coin she could and placed it down next to the courier. 

“Bye bye!” 

And with that, the titan jogged off, the ground quaking as she did so.

“Um, you’re welcome?”

The courier looked at the coin, as big as her body and clearly Giant in origin, as the ground slowly stopped shaking. 

*What am I supposed to do with this?*

It didn’t take long for Amaranthy to reach the nearby pirate-run coastal town. When your legs are longer than trees are tall, travel rarely takes much time. As she went, she took stock of what she had and what she had with her, and what she would be able to offer to a prospective crew. Well, for a start, she was a Giant! Her natural strength was such that there was not a single being not of her kind that could match her. 
*But I don’t want to just be a bruiser, I’ve got more than that!*
She also had her mind. She was brilliant, though she wouldn’t describe herself as such. There wasn’t a field of study that she wasn’t adept in, and many that she was a master of. Giant = giant head = giant brain, she supposed.

*So, that’s also doctor, mechanic, general scientist. What else?*

That devil fruit she ate. She couldn’t help herself; everyone who knew of those magical fruits knew of their power, what they were capable of. She had it in her hand, and before she could even think about it, she had swallowed it whole. It tasted foul, but even now, she didn’t regret it. She didn’t know the full ramifications of it yet, but she knew that she could eat anything now, as a result of some hunger pangs and a nearby boulder. Following that, after a sneeze, she found that she could manifest it back out. After some more experimenting, she found that she could combine the things she ate as well. The potential there was immense, but she would need time to fully realize it.

*Pirates tend to be rich, don’t they? That would give me the resources as well.*

Ahh! That was something else she’d need as well! A sign! How else was she going to show that she was looking to join a crew!

*Hmm, I wonder?*

Well, this would give her an opportunity to test her devil fruit. She had eaten a tree earlier on, so she should be able to…

“Ptooo!”

She spat out a sign! It had the exact writing she imagined it having, carved into the wood! She smiled as she arrived into the town. After some careful searching, she found a suitable place to wait, set up her sign, and hoped that a crew would come along to hire her.