A Boy and His Slave

Omori watches over you with cruel delight as your hand weakly holds the tissues from the box, crouching down on all fours. Abject fear swells within you, threatening to suffocate and paralyze every fiber of your being. You are completely at the mercy of this sadistic twelve-year-old boy who possesses godlike powers beyond normal human comprehension.

Those damned red hands.

That knife…

He can end you any time he wants, but it seems like that won’t be happening anytime soon.

It would be better to just die…

Too bad that’s not up to you anymore.

“What are you waiting for? Come over here, slave.” His voice echoes, snapping you out of your daze.

The room has returned to its former appearance, bathing everything in it in a warm, white glow. Meanwhile, Omori’s erect dick twitches and beckons you.

Too weak to even say a word, you stand up and sluggishly stagger forward, crashing down on your knees beneath him; his dick mere inches away from your face. It’s not big at all — maybe about four inches of length at most, befitting of a boy his age. You shudder and cease the thought almost immediately. What if he can somehow read your mind? That would surely warrant another stab from him. Better not risk it.

 A glint of precum coats the tip of his moist shaft and you crinkle your nose as you take a whiff. It’s rather hard to describe: the scent emanating from it is without doubt bad, but not wholly unpleasant, like the smell of something faded yet faintly sweet.

“Lick it,” he commands, crossing his arms and slightly jutting his hips forward.

You knew he was going to say that. Panting heavily, you stick your tongue out and put it right where the slit is. It’s salty, with a somewhat bitter aftertaste. You get a much better taste as more of the substance oozes out of his slit and tickles your sensitive taste buds. Just gotta keep licking, you tell yourself. Don’t stop now. You feel immense disgust swelling within you, less towards what you’re currently doing, but more at the slight possibility that you might be secretly enjoying this.

 Omori grabs the back of your head with both hands. “Good job,” he says as he tightens his grip.

You flinch and brace yourself for what’s coming. Instead of ramming his cock down your throat as you expected, however, Omori simply caresses your face, his impassive black eyes boring a hole through your soul. You catch a glimpse of a subtle smile forming on his lips; the kind of adorable smile you see on a child’s face after he gets his hands on a new toy. That’s all you’ve been reduced to — just a sex toy for a young boy.

Omori bends down and sits on the sterile white floor, dragging your head down with him and forcing you on your knees so your face stays parallel with his crotch. He wraps his slender, but strong legs around your head, positioning his throbbing dick over the entrance of your mouth. Left with no other option, you take all of Omori at once, letting his dick slide all the way down. You gag as his tip reaches the back of your throat and reflexively pull away, but his legs respond by squeezing your head even tighter, allowing you to only partially pull away. Omori has you trapped you firmly in your position with the fierceness of a vicious snake coiled around its prey. There’s no way out of this. Eager to do it right this time, you lower your head and slowly let his tip reach to the back of your throat again. You repeat this a few more times, eliciting soft moans from the boy whose eyes are now closed.

Without warning, Omori grabs a fistful of your hair and uses it to violently push himself into you. This goes on for some time as the demon brat gets into a comfortable rhythm fucking your face relentlessly. The taste is horrid and revolting; the vile taste of sweat filling your mouth with every thrust he makes.

Too weak to fight back in your current state, you can only helplessly watch as Omori violates your mouth, his face lacking any sort of discernible emotion. The kid’s so nonchalant about this whole thing he might as well be chopping carrots or doing some other mundane task.

“Your mouth feels great,” he says, retaining the same expression. “I’m glad fate brought us together today.”
                                                      
Go fuck yourself, you damn monochrome brat.

 He can read your mind and punish you for all you care.

Omori says nothing. Instead, he ramps up the pace of his thrusts which disorients you and makes your head spin wildly. His full length enters your mouth and his pelvis repeatedly bumps on your nose hard, to the point where it starts hurting. You want so badly to resist and fight despite not having the strength for it, but you know well that doing so would only serve to prolong your agony.

This boy surely won’t stop until he’s satisfied.

 You close your eyes.

All you can do right now is bear the pain and humiliation in silence.

“You haven’t told me your name,” he says, pushing strands of hair off your forehead to see your face better. Omori pauses, taking deep breaths as his stiff cock lingers in your mouth still.

He must be out of his mind if he’s asking for your name now of all time.

He gives you a half-smile. “Pardon me. One shouldn’t talk while their mouth is full.”

“Mmmmmmph!”

Just when you thought you couldn’t possibly hate this brat any further, he starts saying shit like this. Makes you want to throw up.

“Ah, it doesn’t matter. Slaves like you don’t need one anyway.”

With that, Omori resumes pounding on you, which he does straight for the next three minutes before you feel his dick twitch rapidly and realize that you’ve just pushed him over the edge. You hardly have enough time to react as he pushes your head in deeper and blows his load down your throat with great force. You start to choke and gag, but you remember that his legs are still locked on to you, making any sort of resistance futile. His thick cum gushes and pools down your throat, threatening to drown you as he keeps pumping without stopping, loud moans and squelching noises filling the air. Some of it even spills out of your mouth as you sputter and cough. It’s salty, bitter, and sweet, just like his precum, but with a much stronger and overpowering flavor that makes you want to retch. It’s going to take a very long time before you can get this wretched taste out of your mouth.

To your horror, you look up and see Omori’s lips curve into a twisted smile, much like the one he had when he was tickling you with the red hands. The boy’s smile slowly morphs into something even more frightening as he continues his assault on you, baring his sharp teeth like a madman out for blood, drool coming out of his mouth as he gazes at you with hunger and lust.  

After swallowing the last of his cum, Omori finally pulls out of your mouth and unwraps his legs around your head, much to your relief. He’s not yet done though. Omori keeps one hand on the top of your head, grabbing you by your hair as he did before, while his other hand tugs at his erection, now pointed right between your eyes.

Oh fuck.

The first drop of splooge hits you right in the eye, making you yelp in pain. Omori chuckles.

“Don’t worry, there’s more.”

This is followed by several more droplets and gobs landing on your forehead, nose, cheeks, and your other eye, oozing down and completely coating every inch of your face with his cum. After his dick grows limp, Omori sways his hips and playfully slaps your face with it several times. Things couldn’t get more humiliating than this.

“Welcome to White Space,” he says with a grin. “You’re mine now. Don’t you forget that.”

You shamefully nod, tears welling in your eyes.

Omori grabs your neck and delivers another slap to the face with his dick, startling you.

“What did I tell you before? From now on, you will address me as Master. Now say it.” He says this in his default monotone voice, but that does not make it sound any less threatening.

You back away as you see his other hand grasp at the handle of the knife in his pocket.

“Y-yes, Master.”

“Good. Now, go clean your face with the tissues.”

As you pick up the tissues you had with you before from the floor, you feel your vision darken and your eyes getting heavier…

You slump on the floor and pass out from exhaustion.



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------


You wake up and see Omori’s face right above yours; your head resting on his lap.

“You’re finally awake,” he says.

“H-How long was I out?” you ask.

Shit.

“M-Master?” you add quickly, hoping he didn’t notice.

“Eight hours,” he answers, placing a hand on your forehead. His face is back to its stoic, blank state.

The two of you sit in silence for a while.

“I might have pushed you too hard,” he says, breaking the silence. Omori grabs something out of his pocket: a cookie.

“Here, this should restore some of the strength you’ve lost.”

You take the cookie and inspect it closely. Just an ordinary cookie.

You bite into it and chew slowly.

It’s surprisingly good.

Tears start pour down your eyes uncontrollably.

Why am I crying?

Omori responds by taking some tissues out of the box nearby and hastily wiping off your tears.

You look right into his eyes but he doesn’t say anything. This boy will forever remain a mystery to you.

After you finish the cookie he gave you, Omori grabs another one and dangles it in front of you.

“Open your mouth.”

You do as he says and let him feed you, sobbing as Omori tenderly pats your head while you nibble on the soft cookie.