##### `Cop and Wifwolf Prompt`
Also, I wonder if it would be possible to create a chilling, creepy/grim/sad cover of Wolf Like Me.
I have this idea of a wifwulf based series, about a cop/ranger who works in rural US, near or in wildlife reserves/mountain and forest areas. The starting bit of the series is the mounting pressure on missing people cases and the suspected increase of criminal activity in rural areas (this is largely fictitious, but the missing people cases aren't). This guy is appointed as one of the very few resources the authorities are willing to more or less devote to this, it's actually a punishment of sorts for him standing up to power (idk, he's an honour first kinda guy). The new task is daunting, pressure immense with press and beloved ones of victims demanding. One day a weird woman pops up, who offers to help. Mentions that she's a tracker and experience in this, but little to no creds. He's hesitant at first, but dumb luck and coincidence lets her prove she's useful. Off the books they partner up. The woman is a wifwulf, hiding among humans. She is using her powers even as a human (heightened senses, more durable, stronger and faster than she should be, she doesn't actually age like we do, so she has centuries of combat experience), but puts on a very convincing act. The viewer would be kept on the brink of being able to decide if she's human or not. The increased missing people cases are caused by a few things, actual criminals like human traffickers, drug lab, cartel idk, but also, they are all small potatoes. She's is in this because there are werewolves in the area (in fact in most clusters of weird disappearances), werewolves who betrayed her and she's out not just for vengeance but to end the war between their bloodline and hers.
Over the course of the series, there could be an overarching story how he is slowly converted to believing in the paranormal and her revealing her true nature, also romance. Cont.

So I want to have them fuck for the first time while she's is in her wolf form.
Something like she's close to finding a particular enemy of hers, one that almost managed to get her killed (there could episodes that are flashback of the many monikers and lives she lived throughout all this time, which leaves room for building up nuance, characters, goals, and facets of personality). But she gets too into it and at that time, while they are dating, he doesn't know. He kinda thinks something is off, but he denies it mostly his education just goes in a failsafe mode of denial when confronted with something that contradicts everything he previously believed in. But there she is, it is her and he does love her. But what is he to do? she's a werewolf, but he could never harm her or capture her. But he needs her to at least calm down. In the spur of the moment, he slowly but confidently goes to her, to the huge rampaging werewolf and kisses her. The touch, the lack of fear, soothes her bloodthirst, but switches her mind to a different mode. Before he knows it he is shoved on a couch or a counter , clothing torn to shreds and she surprisingly gingerly has her way with him. She leads throughout it, but he does not resist at all. Or only because of potential fear, but because he trusts her and wants to show it by essentially offering himself.
Next morning she turns back, not sooner and they have a long, long talk.

Anyhow, the series would have a lot to say, it even has room for episodic stuff, story arcs in the past and romance.
I kinda thought about how it would end too. After they defeat the anarchist evil asshole wolves, she would be considering moving away elsewhere, saying that there job is never really complete and she needs to reunite with more of her brood. But... She can stay awhile. It pains the two that they will have to separate. Unfortunately, something happens and he gets mortally wounded one night, while she's out doing Wolfy things. Maybe some criminal dicks shoot him. She comes back dismembers the culprits and she sees no other way to save him but to give him the gift. Werewolves can only five the gift every so often, hence why there aren't legions of them running around. And she gives it to him, saving his life, but also taking him away from his current life. He can't stay in his current life because of his soon to be apparent lack of aging, but now he is part of her brood.