## Peach Interlude: The Temptation of Endeavour

"Let this be a less'on, folks. Alhwas make your orders from sure sites, and make sure to double check your purchase. While this toy is a decent size, the description overestimated its real proportions. Good for start, if a younging starts to explore their bodies but it'll never satisfy a gal like me."

"I would." Endeavour snarls through his teeth, eyes squinting with concentration. His hand makes wet, fapping noises around his monster bitchbreaker as he continues, or rather attempts to pleasure himself, desperately trying to reach climax. "Ahhh, Fuck... I want to screw you so badly."

The man looks completely undignified, huffing and puffing through his gritting teeth. And frankly, it reflects his mood quite well. Jacking off isn't his style. Fuck, he couldn't remember the last time he used his own hands. He had sluts for that. He was a giant, greater in stature than normal person as he was greater in quality. Lantern-jawed face chiseled from granite, framed with superb, shimmering dark hair, worthy of gods and encrusted with eyes, like the most precious jewels. Brown skin pulled taut over his thick and intimidating muscles, toned by hours of rigorous training and burnished by long days, basking in the sun.

In short, he was one sexy beast, with a throng of beauties ready to fulfill his every whim. Stupid young girls followed him hoping he would give them the bragging rights and destroy their V status. The mature woman cat-called and used their refined charms to swoon him only to end up as run-of-mill cock-sleeves. His favorite were the married ones, however; it's not about cuckolding some poor bastard. Many of those thirsty MILFs were too faithful or have too many hang-ups to make their move, preferring to steal glimpses and snap pictures for later use. And that's what he liked about them. They thought they could escape him, but he has yet to meet a housewife that would say no to him.

He considers himself lucky for only having one kid.

Endeavour grunts and his fat balls twitch and slosh between his legs with the accumulated load. How many divorces he has caused because the wives could no longer be satisfied by pathetic excuse of a husband? Wish he could know, the man thinks with a self-satisfied smirk.

It quickly dies as his balls churn in need. He shouldn't be using his own hands, damn it! No, he should have some wet, hot, needy pussy to wrap his dick around, with some nameless slut moaning his name in pain and pleasure. Frustrated, he squeezes the engorged head to simulate the feeling. Obviously it does nothing. Like in the past two hours.

He blames that sexy ass country bumpkin. As he lives he has never seen a woman that made his blood boil. The harder he tried to cum, the clearer the image of huge breasts, her huge, coiled thighs, her thick ass, her giant tits spilling from the tiny shirt, and her wet, protruding pussy, became. The images took such immediate and brutal hold on his mind, it felt like his balls would explode. Out of curiosity, he checked the link she gave him, hoping it would take his mind off. It started with one video and his wallet went down he drain.

Fuck that teasing cunt! When he gets hir hands on her, he-

"Yo, dad! You in there? Pizza's almost finished." Ah, shit! He forgot about Peach. A shiver of dread shakes his powerful body, while a thick, white pre begins to drop from the tip of his prodigious dick. Five seconds earlier and he would have been happy to finally see some progress, but his girl's presence really put a damper on his mood. But not his cock, from the looks of it. His member twitches and hurts even more, now, as if he's waiting for the thrill, of being caught. He grits his teeth. No problem, just tell her to go to sleep. She won't listen, but she'll leave him alone to fi-

In one arching swing, the door bursts open, letting the damning light into the dark room. Peach's dark form, the pride and joy of his life, stands in the center. A slice of pizza, more cheese than bread, hangs in her hand, close to her face. A yellow string between the slice and her lips.

"Du you-uhmm-want a last slice? Oh, you're jacking off?" She asks, unperturbed by the dirty act.

Endeavour freezes in place, though his hand flies up to shove her away, but something stops him. Something dark and forbidden rises from the primal depths of his mind. His vision darkens around the edges a little bit. There is something unspeakably lewd about her throat chugging the food that painted her mouth. Especially the way she licks all around to clean it up afterward. Why ask her to go? She's big enough to know about sex. As long as she only caught a glimpse, there isn’t anything to worry about.

"Do- Burp! Sorry" She belches, then wipes her mouth with the back of her wrist. "It looks angry. Do you need help with that?"

A wave of revulsion makes his guts clench, as the words leave her lips.

"Whaa?" The man murmurs. 

"Help you!" The little gremlin chirps, shaking in place. She puffs out her mostly-flat chest forward and slaps her firm rump. "Can't exactly do the boobjob, YET, but you can slap your dick against my ass all you want." Said ass sticks out behind her.

His eyes fall on the rest of her body, noticing she's wearing 'clothes' that could barely called that. She's 'dressed' in the same soft scout rope, little more than scant string wrapped around her hips and chest, strategically placed to draw sinful attention to charms that would quickly have any man in a state of arousal. While the rope remained, the white shirt has been discarded. Nothing new, Peach always preferred to shine her round, squeezable buttocks.

He thought she's got used to it.

Now, however, it felt different. Her tiny makeshift thong does almost nothing to hide her teenage flesh. The way she moves, it was distinctly alluring how her muscles glide beneath her skin with small bruises and scrapes, and he was finding it difficult not to study her. While Peach doesn't show any indication that she has inherited his height, he was proud to see that she definitely inherited the muscle mass. The weak stirring of arching biceps in her arms, the outline of abs on her bare stomach, and shadows living in the athletic valleys of her tights drew attention to the delicate slit between her legs. Especially when the rope slips beneath her pussy lips whenever she bends over.

A little frisson of excitement runs down his spine, finding its way to his loin. His veiny shaft answers for him with a long, thick line of white load.

"OR!" Her half-lidded submissive eyes focus on the large member pointing at her face. She puts a finger into her mouth and pulls her cheek exposing her red, tight throat. "Yuhh can let mhhhe uck yu ap." She lets her pert lips that seem to scream sass but free of mischief. "Nevermind. Hey, if I clean your spunk, will it cover cleaning my room this week?"

The father is vaguely aware of her precocious frame, dipping closer, and puting her hand under the falling rivulet of his seed. She lets it gather in her palm. Then she lifts it above her head, and lets it slowly slip into her open mouth.

That was too much for the man. He knew he was a sinner, a man with vices he likes to indulge in, but he never before has thought he was this weak.

The same moment Peach licked her fingers clean, her father unloads what felt like his most virile load in life. A single, unbroken white rope sprays out of the tip of his cock, which continues for nearly three seconds, painting the girl white.

Peach barely flinches when the load hits her. She actually takes it as a compliment. She wipes the warm fluid from her eyes and takes a look at her body. She might have found her state annoying, because, no doubt she'll have to take a shower; if the cum on her skin didn't feel so AMAZING!

Her empty mouth opens up, letting the excess in, tongue gathers as much creamy load as humanly possible. And tastes even better than before! She moans and begins spreading the cum over any part of her that has been left untouched.

"Peach!" Endeavour shouts, rising to his feat. The view of his girl covered in his own seed makes his teeth grind to near bleeding. The view is immoral, debauched, and wrong in every moral sense. It wasn't some random girl from a bar, after all. But at the same time, it doesn't stop his heart from beating with amorous intent. It makes him nauseous, it makes him excited. It makes him hor-

"Stop playing with-with-"

"Your cum?" Peach tilts her head like a puppy. A very adorable, dirty puppy.

"Yes!" He shouts grabbing her by the arms. "Go to your room and- no! Go take the shower. Then your room."

"But what about your dick?"

"Forget. You've. Ever. Seen. It!"

"But it's poking me in the back." She gives a girly shrill, eyes burning with zeal. "Doesn't it hurts you? Please, dad, fuck me in the ass. It will make you feel better."

"Shower! Bed! Now!" The Horny man orders, before slamming the door inch from Peach's dirty nose.

The Blonde bimbo pouts in minor sulk, and puts a hand on her round hip.

"Fine, but I'll lick myself clean! How do you like that?!" She shouts, into the wooden surface, then takes a bite of the pizza slice that reminded in her hand, now cold and smeared with cum. "Hmm, not bad."

-----

Endeavour's head spins with an overwhelming arousal. Every rippling muscle shines with sweat and vibrates in excitement. His breath is rigged, and his heart is fucking deafening. It pounds in his chest like he has the habit of pounding his sluts. Sluts that he had for one night, and are not related to him.

It takes him a long period of sitting under the door, his aroused cock twitching in the small pool of his own making, before the man realizes he can not wait like this until morning. In his mind he has three opinions:

1. Act like a father and lecture Peach about responsibility and consent and explain the ins and outs of sex, and incest, before putting her down to bed. Ebd of the story.

2. Act like a man and go to town and find himself a willing onahole, until she numbs the memories of Peach's sexy frame until the morning comes, and then continue ravaging the woman responsible for the altercation.

Or 3. Act like a deviant and join Peach in the shower, pin her to the wall and take her until her womb is bloated and repeat the process with her ass and mouth.

Endeavour's rock-hard erection throbs angrily in the air. The man looks at it.

"Shut up. You don't get to vote." He grunts and begins looking for pants large enough for his three legs. "Just you wait, Scoutgirl. I'm gonna fuck some sense into that your pretty blonde head."