History of Magic took its sweet time getting to the end, no doubt due to the professor entirely missing the sound of the bell and taking an extra few moments before an annoyed Slytherin boy reminded him that the class was supposed to be over. With the sudden realization hitting him, he dismissed the class and those in the back were the first ones out the door. The two Hufflepuff students that had spent so much of the class testing the limit before they would get caught headed up a set of stairs to head further up the bell tower.

Gloria was the first to speak “What if we get caught?” Faolán didn’t seem too concerned, heading up to the top of the stairs and around the corner of their railing. “We won’t, no one ever comes up here at this time.” A sly smile came to his face “Not like you would mind that would you~?” The only response she gave to him was that familiar flush from earlier coming back to her face. Following him around the railing before she’d feel a hand press against her back. Gently pushing her to bend her over the railing.

“There, now you can watch for people”. She wasn’t given the time to react before her skirt was hiked up, revealing her bare ass to the cool air. The hound raised his hand to give it a swift smack. The sound echoed down the stairway as his smack left a stinging sensation, the man leaning down over her as his pants were quickly unfastened again. Pressing his shaft between those thick cheeks and slowly rubbing between them. “Wanted to do this since I met you G.” 

The teasing and risk of getting caught made it all the more exciting. The girl pushed back against him. Grinding her ass against his cock, swishing her hips in a circle just to tease him in return. Sliding her hands back to spread her cheeks, giving a wink back towards him as she stuck out her tongue. Faolán couldn’t resist anymore, something about that look she gave him was just too much and he was going to take what he wanted. Reaching down to line his shaft up with the entrance to her ass and pushing forward. Slowly pushing until he was buried balls deep inside of her.

Both let out quiet moans, giving at least some attempt to hold them in and not let the entirety of the school know what they were doing. As soon as Faolán started those long thrusts that went out the window. Each thrust smacking his hips against her ass and making it bounce, The girl’s moans started to get louder with each motion. The beast quickly leaned forward and put a hand over her mouth. His body started to thrust faster against her, knowing he was free to take her however he wanted now. Her moans could be muffled by his hand, but that loud wet smacking sound kept echoing down the stairway where other students would surely hear it. 

Each thrust only drove them to go further with it, to push the limit of getting caught. Faolán needed to lean down and bite at her neck to keep himself quiet. Biting just hard enough to ride the line between pain and pleasure. Releasing his grasp over her mouth and letting those lovely moans ring out. Gloria pushing herself back and bouncing against every one of those forceful thrusts. A puddle started to form underneath her as the two kept going. The hound decided to tease her just a bit again. His thrusts got agonizingly slow as he ran two of his fingers up from the small of her back and along her spine. 

“I’ve got an idea, show me what you’ve got~”. Faolán pulled himself out and lifted her off her feet. Moving to the ground and laying back, letting her sit straddling on top of him. Now challenged, she didn’t waste any time sliding him back in. Bouncing herself on his cock, letting him stare at her ass while she looked back with that same teasing wink and stick out of her tongue. By now any sense of keeping themselves hidden was gone, their collective moans let loose, that smacking sound could be heard by anyone who was nearby.

Even as she bounced, his hand would reach to smack at her ass from time to time. Both to tease and to leave his handprints all over her. Wanting her to remember this fun every time she sat down for a good long while. As they got closer to finishing, both went near feral with each other. Faolán thrusted his hips up into each of her bounces and Gloria pushed her own body to the limit. Both tensed up as they reached their climaxes, letting out a howl and scream of pleasure respectively. Gloria’s body tightened up as Faolán started to fill her with his seed, teeth gritting for a moment before they could finally begin to relax.

She turned to lay on top of him for the moment. Panting as both took the time that they needed to catch their breaths again. His hand gently rubbing up and down her back affectionately, a rather large smile on his face the whole time. Eventually after some time of quiet panting Faolán would laugh to himself. “We’re going to have to get cleaned up before we get back. Wanna try out the prefect bath~?” She thought about it for a brief moment before responding to him. “A good fuck and a special bath? You’re spoiling me Mr. Bones.” He gave one last quick squeeze to her ass before they started to shuffle up to their feet. Helping to keep each other from falling, knowing that they had a long walk on shaky legs to that bath ahead of them.