The Foxtrot 
Paw
By N. E. Hudson



Thanks to:
My Parents
/Awoo/
Jimonjitou
And Anonymous User No. 19880144 That Wrote The Greentext That Inspired This. 


Year 582 AD, Day 0, Week 1, Fall, Evening
In my life as the guardsman, I have but one trait that should be followed by others. Loyalty. Loyalty to your peers. Loyalty for your fellow civilians. A statement easier said than done, as there is a slew of choices that one receives when facing opposition, or threat. What you do in any given scenario in life reveals what kind of individual you are.
Oliver Conway, the Knightly Sergeant of Hengende, holds one of the most esteemed brands of loyalty for his people. Various soldiers’ thoughts and feelings towards Sir Conway ranges from high esteem and low remorse. To me, they should listen, or at the very least think, about Sir Conway’s ways of knowing what is best for the town. This holds especially true if Sir Conway was serving Lord Peter Peaking Jr. for 12 years. I’ll be moved to the Western Gate for surveying, and relocation of my quarters. I’ve visited Maxwell to give him my share of food from the halls. I arrived at his farm in the east of Hengende. At the front of the door, we greeted each other as I entered. 
“Hey, O’Shire! I got the mead waiting on the table for both of us.”
“Thank you, Max.” I nonchalantly responded. 
“You sound tired.”
“Yes, I was actually moved to the west quarters to survey the recruits.” 
“When did they tell you this? Cause, you could have called me over to help move some stuf--”
“Oh no, no load was needed to be moved, just a quick ‘tour’, writing the terms, meeting with the staff, meeting with the privates, and managing some of the mail.”
“That is quite a lengthy set of tasks. A shame you had to do that by yourself.” 
“Everyone has to do the same process one day over there. Hell, I shall say the same towards anyone that holds an occupation.”
“Sure, in small bursts, but just hearing that punches my ears and puts sores all around my body. You are a guardsman after all. There seem to be no breaks for you.”
“It gives me something to do, but the paperwork ages me mind like dairy.”
“Well, just savor your time with me and the mead I have left! Do not stress the work without rest.” 
Maxwell takes a big gulp from the wooden mug, before letting a gaseous burp out of his system. 
    “B-besides--- I got the cattle t-to deal with. And they’re very lovely--in their a-arrogant and asinine way. Compared to doing the paperwork for an entire day! It seemly gets mundane afterward. Don’t burn yourself out O’shire.”   
    “I don’t think that will happen soon. Maybe later down my life, but I got time to plan it.” 
“Do you have a plan?”
“No, not at the moment.”
“Well, make sure to have one ready late. For now, enjoy yourself, and have some mead with me! Make sure not to leave any left in the morning.”
He chuckled greatly as he gulped his mug down. I share the joy by smirking with him, and gulp mine’s down in comradery. The warmth of the liquid washed over me as I unwound, dined, and spent time with my pal for the night. 
Year 582 AD, Day 1, Week 1, Fall, Dawn 
I must have consumed barrels of mead after that night. Slouched on a spare bed, I awakened sore, cramped, and nauseated.  My morning stench came from the alcohol and my nude, unwashed body resting on the firm bed. No peasant or soldier is really spotless, but surely my condition turned some heads---away. Imagine the unprofessionalism it will bring to my job. It’s almost noon, and with how I’m struggling to even shuffle away of the room, the sun will set before I even leave the doorway. The old wooden shades barely bring light into the room. I dragged, and slumped on every corner of the room; leaning on everything as if the ground shifted below every few steps. 
Finally making it to the doorway, I searched for the exit. In the main room, Max was nowhere to be seen. He must have been resting in his quarters. Couldn't really take the time to think about where Max is, as I don’t have much at hand. I grabbed the nearest article of clothing hanging on the chair in the corner. I bolted out, making it to the Western Gate.  Every item bought from last night lays back at the cabin, but I’ll travel light and get new gear in the changing rooms at the Holdings. Miles of dirt, and fall trees later, I made it to the gates. Out of breath, I hazily asked my request to the two guardsmen positioned outside. 
“L---LET Mmm-eeE INNnn-----!” I asked, gasping for air. 
Perhaps they were taken back at someone arriving in such haste. So, they requested me to state my business.
    “Hugghhhh, My business------- huhhg, Is to get into the room, get my clothes,--- and-- ChaNge into my Uniform-- I need to be posted as soon as possible!”
    They then asked me about where my uniform was.
    “Up your keister deep, and it’ll take a day to get it out if you continue this for another hour private.”
    Those two were furious enough to haul my ass into Sir Conway’s holdings; only to be called out and have their asses hauled off for putting their hands on another commander. Hehehe, the looks on their faces made it worth it.
    “Where the hell did you go?” Conway asked. 
    “I had a great time dashing my way--gracefully for work!” I drunkenly said, “Just went light,---after my delightful snooze to make it on time!”
    “Well, you look like and, smell like fermented manure, completely absent of any footwear, and missed two shifts. It must have been one pretty good mead for that to happen.” 
    “Sure! Sure-- it was, but not as much as my love for work! Yep, much love.”
    “Then, you will surely love your next task for your mead buying salary.” 
Oh boy, more paperwork. I’ll savor the mead after this dung I’ll be digging. 
Year 582 AD, Day 2, Week 1, Fall, After-day
I’ve wanted to be a guard since I was a young lad. Meditating on that though, I didn’t see myself being a golden-clad knight commander going off to fight a treasure-hoarding lizard. But the idea of being a leading commander of a large army, serving under royalty eluded me. It seemed like it would not arrive soon; yet, at least it would be a lovely goal to get started as a teen. Passion would make me well off, get to visit towns and cities or venture off to expeditions in foreign locations. Yet speaking, I hardly went out. Not even knowing town names near by. Which made the allure of traveling even greater. Even then my expectations didn’t account for potential hazards. Death as a soldier seems looming but can be availed if trained well enough. I was open to the inevitable struggle. But I wasn’t prepared for the bureaucracy of applying and working for the Western Gate.
“Collect payment at the treasury.”
“Supervise that market.”
“Go stop a bar fight cause some man decided to start a cuckold due to him loving a goat.”
Last part I could at least get into at the week’s end. Would be quite the tale of halling off a desperate drunk to share. But this feels such a waste of life to go and do menial tasks as an officer. I do not see myself having another job. Not that I do not have the option at this point of my life. What is the point of training if I end up being a fetcher for people? Speaking of which.....
At the meat shop, I went to get a big slab of lamb for Maxwell. Many of the soldiers arrived around the town square for hangouts, purchases,  or money collection for the treasury. Timothy Yugman, the butcher of his shop, has limited stock on his lamb. Might snag one before they’re all gone.
“Afternoon Timothy!” I greeted.
“Hello, Mr. O’Shire.” Tim said back.
“Do you have lamb on the ready?”
“Yes, but sadly, there only half is available”.
“That is a shame, why is that?”
“Most of the other stock hasn’t arrived. My supplier claims that his livestock is not feeling bright. I believe that they caught the flu. But they seemed antsy about talking ‘bout the animals
. I thought most of the other guards would have heard about it?”
“The other guards? Is this happening to more than one shop?”
“Yes, more than one are getting the same story. But some are far worse than others. I’ve heard of Desmin’s cattle fainting in the back of his shack. But they hadn’t noticed until the stench of maggots whacked them when they entered yesterday.”
“lord, are the other livestock okay?”
“I can’t say right now, but it is the fall season. It seems typical for the animals to catch something in this cold.”
“Bet the maggots are thriving from whatever warmth the corpses had”. I responded
“Damn, that's pretty dark, pal.”
“I know, but it's such a common occurrence. Is it really dark if it’s applied with powder of truth?” I smirked. 
Tim pondered for a bit for a comeback of some sort, but it never arrived. 
    “Anyways!-- I’ll still give you full price for the reduced portions.”
    “Oh, you don’t need to do that O’Shire.”
    “I don’t think you harm the cattle for whatever benefits that will bring you. So, I’ll still pay full. So the business doesn’t get buried before the snow falls.”
    “Please, you really do not have to. There are more important things to spend a pound of coins on.”
    “This entire shop, one that I have visited countless times since I delivered packages for Maxwell, is worth more than wheelbarrows of bagged coins. I’ll ensure that fate will come soon; after I look into the dying livestock myself,” I stated. 
    I wished Maxwell good fate as I exited. Would the farm animals still stay alive in the winter? I do not know. But looking into it might prevent any additional problems for Lord Peakings, or as a matter of fact; the rest of his disciples. 
Year 582 AD, Day 3, Week 1, Fall, Midday
I visited Jerry's farm. I find most of the livestock very sickly. But some strange markings lead me to a corpse some distance away. It's been penetrated and mauled. The corpse has burst as if it was grabbed and shaken up like a bag of meat. The next has deep, bleeding grooves wrapping around. Some animal came to hunt. Jerry's wife claimed no animal escaped. There doesn’t seem to be any sign of struggle around the barn. For God's sake, this creature was nearly a mile away. The same thing had to have happened to the few other livestock. But something else I could not anticipate was news of attack that flooded the town before I returned. The news reaches our Holdings, with the majority of the soldier wanting to seek a solution to this. Some wanted to venture on a hunt, and others to interrogate any potential instigators. One thing we can agree is this is no isolated incident. 
Year 582 AD, Day 4, Week 1, Fall, Evening
Many people around the town have addressed numerous abnormalities around town. In addition to dead livestock, a few civilians claimed to have been attacked by predators. We expected hunters to be mauled deep in the woods by bears. But deers, livestock, and even pets ended-up mortally wounded the passing days. Dogs seem relatively unaffected; they are man's best friends after all, seems like these predators have no quarrel with the beast. In fact, their previously attacked owners claimed the beast or their canines fought between each other. 
At the stronghold, working priest, Father Grant makes a surprise arrival. His 30-year long priesthood makes him Hengende top priest for a continuous amount of time, before Henry Peaking and Father Goodman became the active heads of the chapel. I expected them to have any information regarding what to do about the strange and bewildering occurrences in the town. I greet Father Grant and let him have the floor. He goes to catch everyone’s ears when he states that, 
“Hengende will not act on these rumors.”
 This has confused many including me. I’ve spent the day with others about sending some form of help overwhelming news coming from the civilians should require the Hengende Chapel to do something! The hell is up with them?! Approaching Grant, I confronted him about his message and tried to make him reconsider his decision. The rude jackass ignores and tries to avoid me, ‘till I finally get something out of him. 
“Go take it up with Father Henry Peaking,” 
he says. Left with nothing, I got stood up in front of everyone. Most were at least sympathetic as to why I tried to convince Father otherwise. I was too embarrassed to notice. I took my grievances back to Maxwell’s place, venting out and giving him the heads up, before eventually resting and dealing with Father Henry Peaking or the chapel causing an upset in town. 
Year 582 AD, Day 5, Week 1, Fall, Morning
I don’t know if my habits are catching up to me, or if the bed has gotten rougher. But getting up has become tougher. I don’t want to be top dog and boss everyone in the holding. I might play around with Sir Conway, but at least he has a reason to bear with me, and bark down orders. I dare not to cross him. So why does an old belligerent priest like Grant decide to throw any order or action in making sure everyone else's day isn’t knocked down? 
Especially the farmers? Maxwell is one, and so that is about six in every ten Hengende civilians. Seems like a huge oversight. I’m not doing this for the food everyone gets once the livestock goes into the chop shop. But if seedy things are happening in the town, I am committed to being on top of it. As no livestock means no business and no business means no coins; no coins mean people go poor, and poor people do not make the treasury any happier. Who gets the back end of citations, and fined for not addressing the problem? 
Surely not the priests. Criticism towards them would be blasphemy. So, that blame is redirected towards whoever’s tasks involves coins in the towns guards, and officers. I would not want to deal with it since I am devoted to my job. The fact that Grant decides to hold off...I don’t want to show that I am making a molehill seem bigger. Maybe Henry will be more sensible in deciding the proper way of addressing the issues before all the problems fall onto me. 
Year 582 AD, Day 6, Week 1, Fall, Midday
Hengende Eastern Chapel. Established in summer of 303 AD. It took 16 years for construction to complete. Pope Patrick Sutherland gave his approval and blessing to the project and sends out the required materials and workers. Peter’s brother, Henry Peaking, dropped his monarchical role in favor of the priesthood and community. 
However, I’ve never seen a priest still keep ties with local governing bodies. But surely it would seem rude to bring that up. The chapel halls are currently under service with various churchgoers participating in mass. I see Henry. He is doing the communal services and reads at the sternum for some time. Two hours pass and as the mass begins to disperse, and I encounter him. 
I told him of my inquiries, and if I can further discuss them in his quarters. After debating around the decision of no actions taken for the recent incidents, Henry cannot change his brothers’--or any other higher governing powers’--minds. He did grant me clearance to resources for me to use for proper defensive measures if something were to happen. And promised to let me visit in estate once he is available. 
Year 582 AD, Day 7, Week 1, Fall, Night
As the fall month begins to wrap up, the town is becoming increasingly hostile. The rumors of demons roaming the land spread like a fungus on a rotting tree. Normally, I thought this would be from the elderly being superstitious when All Hallows' Day approaches. 
But even children are up in arms about going outside at night. Streets go quiet, hardly any festivals start, and the moonlight brightens the flameless houses. At the bar tavern, I consume mead. The atmosphere was really gloomy outside, but even inside, nothing has helped. Hardly anyone is inside, and those that as if they want to get out as soon as possible. 
A shame that a night celebrated by everyone has to be scrapped due to fear mongering by scared followers. Understandable under the thought of the children's safety. But I bet that even inside of the dimly lit homes, no one is celebrating tonight. 
Year 582 AD, Day 8, Week 2, Fall, Clear
Some few civilians outside of the town claimed they were being followed by wolves. An elderly man said he saw some dark figure moving between the brushes. While it was important to listen to him, the other soldiers and I just thought this was some mistake by an old bag; whose eyesight has seen better days. Still, it would be cruel to ignore him. 
As the sun crawled across the land, other reports begin to enter commander offices. All say the same thing: Black figure in the woods, some bearing resemblance to wolves. I swear I want all the stories about some hitchhikers getting spooked during their trek to cease.
Year 582 AD, Day 9, Week 2, Fall, Cloudy
The delegates back in the tactical quarters  approve some of the resources requested from the other towns. Other soldiers are venturing to set up the defenses around the various districts. Some of the forges have gotten busier, and workers have gone overtime with production. 
The schedule has become turbulent. Our appetite has gone lethargic with food supplies running thin, and those of us skipping meals, sometimes for hours on end. My tolerance for exhaustion each day is running thin. I should be able to handle it, but the newfound responsibility is taking its toll on me. 
Year 582 AD, Day 10, Week 2, Fall, Raining
I converse with Henry more about the situation at his estate. He is familiar with speculation around mythical creatures in the land. He wants to keep an eye on any news that pop up in places. 
Henry recalls the other towns scientists and surveyors going on far away expeditions. They would go either to retrieve artifacts or establish land for future castles, or estates. Either way, they are done for whatever empire grants permission, and the big men like armies, or nobles wanting something to add to their exquisite collections. 
Whilst many fantastical creatures are known, most are either feral beasts or vanished far away from Tusult. Any newly discovered species and beings get promptly examined, thoroughly. Henry brings this up as to refer to the recent citing involving wolves. Legends about many wolf-related creatures refer to different characteristics and stories. But the frequency of these tales over the eras about their existence is possible. The truth to these claims are either kept in secrecy or are under bigger strands of webs that lead to nowhere. 
While I thank Henry for sharing his thoughts, I am growing suspicious of his knowledge; and his involvement with potentially shady practices. 
Year 582 AD, Day 11, Week 2, Fall, Damp
Sir Conway has been estimating the risk, notifying other towns about recent events. A brief letter sent out for these towns to be aware of any strange sighting. A few of the local town patriots would be upset about looking like wimps. But, this would be a grave mistake not to. 
I understand that our stronghold does not have enough authority to address it. So, I told him, “If you are willing to take a risk of notifying the towns, then take the risk to inform them without alarming the governing offices.” Sir Conway, knowing where my loyalties lie, instantly remarks how treasonous that would be. 
Not only for me but for the officers as well. It doesn’t have to be very direct, just enough caution to make it seem legitimate and for them to understand the stress of the situation. Just a message, a letter, words on paper. Shouldn’t really hard to convince, yet it became a struggle to do so. 
Year 582 AD, Day 12, Week 2, Fall, Sunny
Assembling my clique, I tell other soldiers the situation and get them on board with the defense around town, and notifying the other town bases. Knight Wesker has offered five other members, sworn by secrecy, to this small operation: if it means his father, Wesker Sr., is to have a larger tax break into his eventual retirement. That is a deal I could reason him with. It’s a reasonable enough deal for me since the treasurer is the only fellow among our “leaders” to not be a huge brick. Wesker’s addition would let his promise become true. Which eventually lead to Conway sending the letter, without discretion of the towns congressional leaders. 
Year 582 AD, Day 13, Week 2, Fall, Windy
The people of Hengende have grown furious at the unknown threats. A couple of fights broke out between families. Now there's suspicion about witches causing the town distress. I had to put three people in the cells today. Of course, serving priests are involved with the prosecution. 
Not because they are the ones prosecuted, but rather the spiritual aspect of committed a crime. Everything they are doing is contradicting what I’ve come upon. No witch would have any good reason to kill cattle, and no proper evidence has been brought of someone. 
If anyone, plotting any supernatural heinous acts, the effects would be much larger, and no attacks from beast could come from witches. No demons, no witchcraft. Would have had a body to their count by now, if that were the truth. And yet they decide to try drowning others for the sake of their superstitions. God bless anyone that tries their best to avoid this.
Year 582 AD, Day 14, Week 2, Fall, Windy
I ventured back to the cabin. The long and winding road leads me to open field as I make it down the sandy, unpaved road. The breeze muffles most noises of crickets and windmills. I didn’t see them or even glanced, but the footsteps crashing to the dirt came to my left ear. Louder, and louder, it deafen me. I twisted violently to see three children. I was frozen when one of them asked for help. Two young boys and a girl seemed frightened. Lots of shouts barking out of their mouths. I try to calm them down. The short, brown-haired boy spouts out, 
“A beast is here, get us to the Lord!” 
The girl added in, 
“The town is about to get attacked soon, they’re going to attack!” I ask who attacked. 
“Wolves!” the smallest boy said. “Wolves on two legs, many furry beasts, with teeth and claws! We were in the back of our garden. I played in the forest when I saw one looking at me. I thought it was a bear. T-then it went closer to me when I wasn’t looking at it.” 
“Daniel was screeching, so I ran to him. The beast was looking at us. He was just a few feet away.” The girl continues. 
I ask for the girls' name and the older boy’s.
“I am Jentezen. This is Curtis. He came over to the house to play with Daniel as I was taking care of them.”
“You were babysitting them?”
“Yes, I am a maid for Lord Daniels’ family, the Elder Ford hired me. I-I need to get back home before he worries!”
I put my hand on her shoulder.
“Jentezen-- You, Daniel, and Curtis need to come with me. I will inform their parents that you are in safe hands.” 
I took them to the stronghold for them to stay there, I have gotten Knight Wesker and Commander Conway to talk about what to do next. Wesker believes the kids. Especially after how they described how the creatures behaved. In addition to the fact that Jentezen claimed to have seen clothing on the beast. Conway believes it to be an invasive bear species the teens came across. Before Sir Conway went further, Wesker went back and forth with him about the identity of the beast. 
“I doubt a bear would be bigger than a man and simply ‘watch the kids’”.
“I’ve been out of the field long enough to see bigger bears take out bisons the size of cottages. The kids were too scared to get a good look at it.”
“You’re exclaiming that three teens were mistaken and just seen a bear?”
This continues back and forth ‘til I stepped in to suggest bringing this to the head councils.
“I know there is the ‘no need to worry’ path the council is putting on the town. But Henry can help.” 
“How can the Lord Mayor’s brother assist?” Sir Conway asks.
“He knows many ancient creatures. He’s an explorer of sorts! And this case sounds like something he may know.” 
“I can’t see a priest getting their hands in this, let alone Lord Peter's own blood.”
“We have proper witnesses, they can’t turn down if this affecting children! They must find out about it this time.”
“I’m alright with sending the message, yet I don’t believe they’ll take it.”
“I’ll make sure they do,” said Wesker, “I’ll curate an official stronghold statement. I’ll even send the message around to the other officers to sign. We’ll be by the young ones' sides. The public attention will be too much for them. It’ll be best for them to stay here.” 
I thank Wesker for sticking by. Sir Conway understands the plan and helps out. Over the following weeks, we’ll continue to work. And get the soldiers to sign to the cause. By the end of the week; the message will be received to the council. Hopefully, Henry can stick with us.  
Year 582 AD, Day 20, Week 3, Fall, Chilly
The Council gets together for a debate in the afternoon. Various disciples and priest, young and old arrive to fill the seats. I sought Henry to tell him about the petition, and the kids. But I wasn’t able to find him within the crowd. Various soldiers have exclaimed their positioning to the priests. But most do not seem very convinced.  A surprise visitor arrives. Lord Peter Peaking J.R., He has arrived to take the main seating to begin the chamber debate. To his left, Father Grant is seated. To his right, Henry? 
“All rise,” the House speaker says. 
“The date is November 13th, Year 582 of the Lord. The case has been called by Ridley O’Shire of Western Hengende Holding; reviewed by chambers of the Hengende Central Council. Juries and ground floor members have arrived to discuss and vote on the potential outcome of reports of attacks on three civilians. Rise, Ridley!”
Standing up, Peter Peaking begins to report my findings. 
“On November 5th, three teens were found running towards you out on a field, miles away from their home. The eldest of the three, a nanny for the kid told about finding an unidentified creature near one of the children she was taking care of. O’Shire believes that wolf-like creatures are making premeditated attacks towards civilians. Over 50 cadets of Western Hengende Holding  officers agreed about the possibility. Ridley, when did you begin to believe the attacks have been starting?”
“Lord Peaking, I’ve investigated a case on a farm where the farmer's livestock has been slain. The surrounding area appeared to have been broken into. And the animals were pulled towards varying ravines. Large claw markings yield no relations to any local animals that may have done it.”
“How does livestock on a farm equates to children being hunted?” Father Grant said. 
“This wasn’t one livestock that had strange circumstances around its death. The disappearances of dozens upon dozens of livestock have the same set of events happen to them. Even on my first investigation, I found another livestock with the same place of markings, on the same location. This isn’t some kind of mistake on the farmers, they are having their livelihoods being taken away by an unknown creature!”
Various voices among the juries and ground floor members start to talk. 
“How do you think that livestock correlates to teens being frightened by an animal? This sounds like a situation for farmer, and traders. We can just simply import cheaper resources if ours are being wasted,”  Grant says. 
The voices cease after Father Grant spoke. 
“Continuing the report, you exclaimed that wolf-like beasts are what have caused the slain farm animals, and the scarring of the children. What basis of proof do you have?”
“The kids have a good description of the creature. They claimed it was grey-furred, stood up on two legs, it moved out of their view and back again, stalking them.”
“Not really a good description. Could have been another beast, but not a wolf. No kind of animal matches what drivel you spout.”
“But there is some correlation, this is all occurring at the same time!”
“Have you seen the beast you speak of?”
“No Father, I have not. Are you going to simply deny the children's safety?”
The clamoring arises again, more spontaneous and loud than before. But it ceases once Lord Peaking demands order.
“If the safety of the children is at risk, let them explain themselves.”
“I cannot guarantee it.”
“Why?”
“They...could not attend today.”
The noise of shock, and confusion comes from the attending audience.
“Why could they not attend O’Shire?”
“I chose for them to stay, due to protecting their privacy.”
“I cannot describe the amount of illegitimacy that is present in your statement. No single witnesses to attend?” Father Grant shouted. “Surely no sort of pressure can come from their testimonies. Perhaps they are hiding something. Maybe their truths have holes to make your case illegimatine O’shire!”
“But this doesn’t make their report illegitimate!--”
“Ney, this doesn’t make your story legitimate.”
Breaking the awkward silence, Peaking speaks. 
“A recess will begin now, and end at five for who need to recollect, and organize themselves. Dismissed.”
Majority of the crowd members disperse. Wesker and Sir Conway both wear a face with worry.  But talking to the other soldier present shows they still had faith in me. And standing my ground, so far. I went to approach Henry when he finally was by himself. 
“Henry! How have you been doing?” 
“Fine, Ridley fine,” he said grudgingly.
“I didn’t expect you standing beside your brother for today. Nor for you to arrive today.”
“Ridley, you should not continue with this case.” Henry said suddenly. 
“What do you mean?”
“They won’t take any actions just by you bringing it up. It sounds like to many here a strange case. Nothing to set any major changes, and have everything continue on.”
“But that is why we have you! Explaining about your expeditions, and the ancient civilizati-”
Henry shoves his hand over my mouth.
“Quiet!” Henry rasps, 
“I cannot bring that up at all! There are high risks to saying what I know”
Pushing his hand out of my face, I said, “Then take it! Bringing this information out for the new round can make the report very legitimate!”
“I have to continue the narrative up, without scrutiny, or riots. I cannot bring it up, Ridley.”
“I am over here busting my arse. Not because my job asks me to do it, but because I am serving for it. My peers are sticking by to now. There is a risk of scrutiny for all of us; so why can’t you do the same? Is this just some popularity contest to you? Afraid that maybe you are right, and the rest of these priest are being wrong to civilians?”
“I’m just trying to keep everyone safe.”
“Well, you are failing Jentezen, scared that something would devour a her, and the two boys up. While you’re here scared for what? Your life isn’t on the line at all!”
“It is! As selfish as it may seem, blurting out that beasts are the cause of this would hysteria spreading.” 
“We are not some pranksters that want to trick people, we’re trying to prevent deaths here!”
“It’s going to subside once the lords have everything sorted.”
I shook my head to him.
“No, it’s not. Being complacent is not the solution. Thanks for wasting our time.”
Walking away, the second round begins and will end with our message. 
“Lord Peter Peaking would like to know the decision of the opposing party,” the Speaker said. 
“The Western Hengende Holding will not be taking the case further, requesting the case to close.”
My responses took the jury by shock. Perhaps they expected me to continue forward.
“The reason for this decision is to ensure that The Western Hengende Holding, and its platoon does not get the effect by reporting. In addition, I will be handing over my position to other members after this.” I said. 
“With the development of the case and the decision of the opposing party, I commence today's meeting adjourned, dismissed.” 
It was a relatively quiet night after meeting the kids again. After entering the home of  Jackson Ford, Daniels father, I had to explain what occurred in the council halls to the parents. The hardest part was discussing what they needed to do next. 
“Leave?”, Jackson said. 
“That is, unfortunately, the solution. There's is a risk that will affect you and your family sooner or later. I do not want you to deal with the outcome. Especially your children.”
“But our livelihoods are here.”
“It will not last here. Daniel and the others won’t live well. People will ostracize them about this situation. Venture out of this town for your child. Please.”
“If I must, I shall do so. I know my worker friend in Bultton. They are able to stay there.”
“Get to him by tomorrow. Early as you can get.”
“Will do.”
“Ford?”
“Yes, O’Shire?”
“I-I am…terribly sorry that it must come to this. I swear you, I never met for this to occur.” I soberly said.
Ford places his hand on my shoulder.
“Ridley, your place is not serving under the Hengende chapels. I am not fond of what they’ve been doing either. Shite, they're putting things into people's head. Trying to keep the peace, but letting folk’s imaginations wildly. I thought they’d actually make this place safe. I don’t fault you. Thank you for looking out for my kid.”
The same message has been relayed to Curtis, but Jenzeten is going to have to live with Ford. That night was the last time I got to speak to them. Instead of going home, I make to back to the holding to talk to Sir Conway. The building was vacant. Only a few lit torches glowed the outside gate; hardly any inside. A few select rooms inside have some form of light inside. I peeped to see if Sir Conway was inside. Three rooms. But no sight of anyone. Only one room was left. The handle was locked, so I knocked. 
“Sir Conway?” I spoke into the room. No response inside. I tried to rattle the door to make some more noise. Then the door moves. The handle was stuck, but the door was open. Only a lantern casts a faint glow on the desk. He was nowhere in sight. Looking around, a finished piece of paper is on the desk.

Ridley. You have been a good member here. I am taking your suggestion to distance myself from here. I advise you to do the same. Hengende will be no more in one week. I do not want you to do it so I can at least feel like I’m not isolated when I leave, but I truly fear your life. I did not understand. You left? Him, out of all the members. Rage was not long enough to describe the mountable anger building into me. I could not move, let alone breathe. Everything truly feels like it’s being stripped away. 
Year 582 AD, Day 21, Week 3, Fall, Snowing Flurries
I awaken to loud booming on the front of my door. My drowsiness had me slowly shambling to the door. The booming proceeds as I start to hear someone on the other side of the door call out my name; with frightened intent. It had taken me all but two minutes for my mind to recognize who was shouting my name. It was Maxwell. Why was he yelling?  I opened the door, he was drenched in sweat, out of breath. Fear painted his face.  
    “Max, what are yo—“
    “Riley! You need to come to the market place now! Something happened- I don’t know what happened- who done- it’s a big commotion- they need you to come down.”
    “Wait, what had happened? Are you alright?” I hastily said.
    “I don’t if I am, or anyone else for that matter. Some attack happened, there’ve been three casualties.” 
    “A-are there any soldiers present?”
    “A whole dozen, but this is a situation where all soldiers have to be present.”
All soldiers huh? 
    “Is Sir Conway anywhere there?”
    “I don’t know, but I don’t think he was there. The dozen of soldiers present may just be walking around when this happened.”
Figures. The disappearance of the head commander, and murders the next day? I will have to assess if the casualties are anyone from the base. 
    “I’ll be right out, I have to get my gear.” I said. 
    “Good, I have my horse ready.”
Arriving at the town where many people flood around the market. We must have been a couple of hundred feet from the incident before people were densely surrounding the place. we got off the horse and proceeded to muscle our way into the crowd. The market shops were vacant and empty. While people fill in every space possible. Shouts and concerned chatter polluted the air. Getting closer, more people start to spread out, acknowledging that I was a soldier trying to take care of the commotion of the town. Almost there. Other soldiers held the surrounding crowd off to allow others to assist the damage. I made it. But now, I had to get in. 
    “Cadet! I am O’Shire of Western Hengende Holding. Allow me in, I am needed for investigating the casualties.” I said to a soldier. 
Other soldiers came to confirm my identity and made room for me to enter. 
The smell was striking, something had been rotting for a while. not even the cold could mask the hot stench of corpses. I started to see red coating the snow; blood pooled and soaked into the snow. In the middle was a mass of organs, expelled out of their bodies. I swear I could see steam misting from the pile. There was something on the wall of the chapel building. A message in red. 
“ONE WEEK" it read. 
How could anyone even know this was three bodies in this pile? Wait, their clothing. Black Cloaks. These have been priests. Coming closer to the mess, I had to circle around to find faces, if they were even still intact. I found some semblance of hair. But the pulp of a head was hard to identify. It couldn’t hurt to turn the head. But it did, the other side was untouched. showing Henry’s lifeless face. 
Pulling my hand back, the shock took over me. It became hard not to tremble. I hesitantly went over to the other two bodies. One was completely decapitated,  leaving a fat nude body. Long slashes marked all over the remaining torso. Three bone-deep, red groves each time. It’s most likely Father Grant due to the age, and wrinkles of his old body. The last body was just a torso on the ground. The head was three feet away from the neck it was previously attached. 
I walked towards it, grabbed the white head of hair, and gazed my eyes at the head. Peter— The soul of his eyes were not there anymore. The skin was pale and cold. The eyes were near bloodshot with his mouth ajar. I could not stomach it. I went back to the other soldiers to announced the names of the corpses. All of them could not believe it. Pity could be given later, however. I ask for the whereabouts of Father Goodman. They told me he was inside the chapel. I ask to cover up the bodies with a tarp but do not dismiss the crowd yet. A couple of meters away, I see Goodman completely in disarray. He grieves for his fellow priest peers, and what had happened to them. But something else was off.
    “Father.—” I said. 
He turned to face me quickly. I don’t think he expected anyone to come.
    “May I sit down with you?”
    He slowly nods. The mask of fear and sadness paints a painful expression he emits. His eye contact with me is null. I give him enough space before I inquire about what happens. 
    “You know, many have been going to serve for longer than I’ve been alive,” Goodman said. “But I was around for the first years of this church service. Peters brother wanted to help out. I didn’t know why at first, but it seemed good to add him as a service member.” Goodman said.
    “He’s been working long, and didn’t seem to want trouble,” I responded. “But, it seemed I was disturbing the peace when I tried to get them to do something about the children,” I added. 
    “The children? They shouldn’t have been treated like that.”
His response took me by surprise. “Did you believed them?”
“Aye. The farm attacks should have been addressed, maybe— maybe this wouldn’t have happened.” He said. 
“Did you see what happened to them?”
Goodman took a brief pause before conjuring up what to say next. “The children may have been correct in their testimony. The beasts they spoke of were real. I saw two at the night.— Grant was the first one to go. At the workplace, I heard screaming, opening the door only to find blood, the office destroyed, and his window broken. I saw his lifeless body plummet to the floor below. One of them went towards lord peaking’s home. I rushed to his brother on the other side of town. But they— found us first. We tried to hide, but they took Henry. They didn’t take me because I hid first inside the storage closet. I guess my cowardliness kept my shite life from being taken.”
    “Don’t say that. There wouldn’t be any way for you or anyone else to fight them off. I’ve seen what did to the livestock then, and the bodies now” I replied. 
    “I guess you’re right.— Everyone needs to hide, no; run. Run away from the village. or  their lives will be like livestock; readied for the chopping block.”
    I exited out of the chapel. The three corpses have been covered, I spoke to the crowd about the situation, calling for a full and complete evacuation. After the crowd dispersed, Wesker approaches me to hand a letter found besides the bodies. It reads,

"To all humans still on this barren cliff, you will leave soon. Go as far away as possible if you resist us. We sent out our ‘messages’ earlier to give you all the time. But you buried that opportunity. I will tell you first, that this is the beginning. And the three deaths of your leaders you have witnessed today will be the quickest when we arrive. The release of death will not be an option in the end. You will join us, or be witnesses to more than three deaths, but instead a lifetime of suffering. One week to pack. One week to leave. One week to live if you refuse to live with us. One week left of your lives if you are still here when we arrive."

What is remaining of the Hengende Western gate will stay to fend off the oncoming threat. Better us than hundreds of civilians willing to suffering whatever comes. 
Year 582 AD, Day 28, Week 5, Winter, Blizzard
The snow has properly settled, everything is covered in a frosty, white powder. The wind howls and carries the falling frost in a quick gush. The bit of heat left from the earth has mist cover the view of anything past a couple of feet. The vacancy of abandoned homes, once teeming with life, leaves a sad, penetrating whistle of winter winds blowing through the town. The cold penetrates any clothing we have at hand. We’re stationed at the top front gate of Hengende. Crude leather tents were made atop. Light barely penetrates the inside. The flaps of our tents were opened only to view outward, necessary as to not let in the cold. The group takes a shift to venture out and stop around the walls for signs of anything approaching. 
    “By the gods, our limbs are going to freeze off if we keep stand out like this,” Wesker exclaims. “Ridley, surely we can use the holdings for defense.”
“We cannot,” I said. “The base would be too far away to guard the front. Anything that arrives would have great advancement before we can respond.”
Maxwell chimes in. 
“Well, perhaps we can fend them off properly. Wouldn’t be much, since one may be handled properly. Besides, there are a dozen capable warriors that can handle these pests here!” 
“Maybe you are right that no more than a few will come. But you have seen the trauma only two can inflict. Don’t underestimate pests that can bite back.” I responded. 
“What will we do if any comes Ridley?” Maxwell asked.
“…..Let them come in.”
My words left the two surprised.
“Ridley, are you not extremely cautious about what will happen?”
“They’ll be under the impression that’s abandoned. I’ll let them make the first moves, which we can ambush them. For now, don’t make a sound. Stay hushed, and keep still.—”
“SIR! movements were spotted. Something is approaching to the gate.”
“How far until they arrive?” I said. 
“Couple hundred meters.”
Get everyone huddled inside. Make sure the other flaps are closed, except for one. 
  A dozen soldiers arrived into the tent. All the poles that held the flaps were dropped. Less frost entered, making the waiting a bit more manageable. Minutes came and went until another shape was sited. The ground bellowed a humming. A low noise came and went. One after another, a rhythm began. Louder and louder the noise grew, signifying the rumbling was coming hidden behind the veil of mist. I kept my focus on the horizon. Three dots I saw. Followed by four, then seven. Appearing past the flurries were the beasts: tall enough to eclipse a man, snarling teeth, black and brown fur, rough hide, and stacking muscles peaking through the unarmored spots. They bore black iron helmets, armor, and long lances. Some had great swords, others axes. All of them sharp, and deadly.
They were approaching at rumbling speeds. Behind the advancing army is more beasts appearing from the snow. They outnumbered us. The advancing force display left us in shocked. One soldier barely kept it together, I heard him shaking at the potential warfare; his fear contagious, it sickened me. A bigger shape appeared behind. A contraption— no, a weapon on wheels. It did not seem like a catapult. It was a big iron cylinder, hallowed out. They must have seen the gate.  I shut the tarp before they came closer. As my remaining squadron stepped backward, I peered a bit from the closed tarp to view what the beasts would do. Once we had seen the army, they approached faster. They stopped at the gate, gazing at the assortment of how many the opposition possessed. They will overrun the town if this plan doesn’t hold. There, I spotted a high rise throne. A seat, with another beast enrobed in a black cloak sitting. Beside it is another beast wearing a uniform. As I gazed my eyes on it, it spoke. 
“Quite desolate,” it growled. It scanned around the area. 
“Not a peep...even a fawn wouldn’t think humans were here, my lord.”
“They would graze along, trotting past the walls. But they wouldn’t have the nose to tell them someone was here.”
After he said that, he sniffed the air a quick, three times. He glared at our tarp.
“Quite an established set up you all constructed!” He shouts to us, You almost had me fooled thinking all the humans in their little huts took the message and left. But you decided to stay contained in your leathery tents. Why is that?”
I opened up the front of the tarp to get a good look at him, hesitant to respond.
“It’s a defense.”
“For whom?”
“From you.”
He looks besides the dozen of armored beasts around, grinning.
“Not a very large construct to fortify human.”
Then, one of my soldiers shouted as he sends a pike into a beasts chest. It was climbing, encroached into the tent, readying an attack. For a brief moment, the beast was halted by the piercing pike. It reached out to grab the soldier, tossing him off our wall and into the army below. 
Myself and three other soldiers went to fight the beast. One managed to send the beast down to its knees slashing at its shins. The rest of us retreated into a building. More of the beasts were inside surrounding. 
 We kept on running across the paved road, but one by one, they chase, grasp, and held; never letting go of the other officers. I would have gone back to freed them, but I would have no chance of saving them. Eventually, I was left. I tried to strike back, yet I too was pinned down. A loud boom was heard as they busted through the gate and flooded in. 
A large metal pole slapped through the gate, coming from the cannon. It peeled off the gate like cotton. Frustrated, I tried to shake off the beasts grasp to no avail.  Tears poured from my eyes, my mouth gaping to scream as the wolves arrived.  They gathered all of us in a line kneeling. The troops went into every building to look for others. Some raiding for food, animals, or other resources. Nightfall came.
 A pile of wood on fire bled light in the middle of town. All of us tied up, in a pole. I barely managed to persuade a guard the allowance of bringing my written entries and a quill. We took what we could carry with us. After a few hours, we were placed in a carriage. Ready to be shipped out into unknown frontiers. 
Year 582 AD, Day 29, Week 5, Winter, Clear
There were large stone structures appearing in the forest. Tarps over iron grates of the carriage made it difficult to know where we were. Stopping, the doors opened. The beasts’ establishment was deep in the mountain valley, completely surrounded by the mountain peaks. Green, dense vegetation encompassed the outside of this place. Where would anyone even go if they would try to run? They’d need to hike many tall hills, and even then, I doubt villages, let alone houses, are within sight. All of us were corralled into the closest building. Tubes of metal jutted from the side, in and out of the brick building. The cylinder tubes had steam emitting from the bars.
 The barn-sized doors opened as the beast guided us. One at a time entered, I was the first to go in. Stripped nude, the iron tubes start to spew hot water everywhere. I yelped after the rush of water engulfs me. And as fast it came, it left once the flow ceases. Then two other wolves stood on top of me. They hand me a small, creamy bar of soap. Standing in the brief, I rubbed; trying to ignore the two also rubbing soap on me. As I begin, the two also had creamy white liquid on their palm. One puts its paw on top of my head and begins scrubbing. The heavy petting digs into my scalp. I could barely keep standing as he continually scrubs. The other beast signals me to get on my fours. Complying, it scrubs down my nether regions. My taint, groin, and arse were rubbed with the same solution the other wolf had. Complying left me a quivering over what's next. The two leave, and they lead me into a stationary tin bucket with a bit of ice floating. They want me to get in. The first limbs that made contact with the freezing water caused me to shiver to the bone. They also scrubbed me while I was immersed in the tub. Exiting the tub, I went under another tube with a spinning blade on top. The blade spun faster and faster as a hot gush of wind constantly forced down air. Immediately dried, I was sent to the halls with a crude, rustic red robe to wear.  
I was guided right down the halls. They placed me in a room, locked the door, and I sit on the flat square wooden table. 
After the time crept past, a new wolf finally entered. Similarly tall as the last wolves, he pushes a cart with an assortment of tools inside. Its large forearms and paws moved about, grabbing a white tunic to cover his black coat with a touch of grey oh his fur. “Good evening. My name is Hundr. I’ll be your medical professor.” He said, shaking my hand. “I’ll be checking on you for today, making sure you work properly. Surely, this must be strange situation you’re currently experiencing; I can tell. I can guide you through the process if you follow along. How was your day?”
I didn’t respond to him. 
“It is quite alright. I need to check your hygiene, no small talk is required.”
Hundr lit a lantern. Stringy beads of light from it glowed. He asked me to open up my eyes, just to check them. Swiping left then right, he shuts it off. Something that surprised me so far was the fact they could even write, as Hundr records in a large tome. He continues on the examination. 
“I was told that you decided to stay around. And fight for a substantial amount of time! Were you a decorated knight?” He said.
“Ney.”
“Oh, a trainer then.” 
“Not entirely.”
“Oh, so just a officer. You know, I think you will fit greatly here...Just de-robe yourself.”
“What, you’re going to pry me open?”
“Well no, you’re not dead. Or at least mortally wounded. I’ve studied human frames before. I shall have the physical portion done first, in addition to removing any filthy toxins out, before we continue on with the rest of personal questions. Then, you be told where your living quarters are. And you will getting new clothes.” Hundr points to a readied pile of red tunics, pants, and woven shoes. But something was missing. 
“Wait, there are no undergarments in this pile.”
“There's no need for them. The pants fit, and getting in and out of them isn’t slow. It is the winter, I understand your concern. But many of the roads are cleared of snow. Clothing stores will have more sturdy shoes and pants. You may even find a hat you like” Hundr said.  
“They sell undergarments?” I respond. 
“Of course not. They are not necessary. Now, drink the liquid in the blue flask for energy. More are available where you will be staying. And the solution used to clean your bottom regions will help you to stay clean; even internally. You wouldn’t want to stay dirty would you now?”
“No.” I replied. 
“Good, then make sure anything the guards ask of you when cleaning yourself is followed, just for your sake. It may seems unorthodox how we cleanse ourselves, but it the proper way here. You are just going to follow the guard waiting by the hall to room B2. Tomorrow, you go to an building you will live in. Have a good rest Mr. O’Shire.”
Year 582 AD, Day 30, Week 5, Winter, Cloudy
I awoke to the guard that would lead me into the building. A holding for the rest of the captured humans. Dubbed Revlabb, it was a large fortress away from the town. We entered in one by one with blankets, towels, soaps, teeth scrubs, and more clothing at hand. Still no undergarments. Each hallway ends with a gate of bars to close. I enter my cell. The bars are shut. The glow from the candle coats the room in an orange hue from the corner. On the other side, something occupies another bed. The big, husky shape appears in the back of the narrow room. Its grey fur has its back facing towards me, laying down on a makeshift wood frame. Only a wool sheet covers it, hardly covering anything. I did not know what it was. I would not even sit if it meant calling attention to myself. The shape did same, no movements came from it; at least what I can see. My back is against the cell bars. Hesitant to proceed forward, I stood there. Then, something took notice of my demeanor and responds.  
“There is a chair by the corner of the desk.” A voice lets out. 
Startled for a little bit, my head moves quickly around the room to find the source. My body is fighting whether or not to move or keep still.  I trembles, indecisive on what to do. The grey shape moves, two yellow eyes peirce me. By the gods, I felt like a fawn.  
“There is not much to do during this hour, I doubt you have the endurance to stand for that long.” 
“Who are you?” I asked. 
“Just a fellow roommate, like you, only I’ve been here a while. Maybe the courtyard will be better suited for talking to others, than lay down here with a stinky mutt like me.”
“Well, I do not really hold any hate towards you. I do have to sleep with you.” 
“Ha! Hao! Hooo! The bed is provided over there. Doubt you need fur to warm you if you have sheep’s cotton to cover yourself with.” 
“Well, it doesn’t make the company any less valuable.”
“Company? Me? Unless you want a sleepy pup on a bed all day.” 
“I don’t mind, truly.” 
The response seemed to make the wolf think about what to say next, “Well--, I don’t think I’ll provide the best company for a human.” 
“Fine, I think my peers may want to take places then.” 
“There are more humans?” the wolf asked, curiously.
“Captured? Yes.”
“Where did you all come from?”
“Hengende. Town near a cliff. I am a soldier.”
“Ah, so you were captured in a raid. Fairly common with how outreaching we are. I bet you fought, struggled, and finally surrendered.”
“Bit of a superior complex you got coming off of you.”
“Not really, it’s practically the same story, different locations I’ve seen and heard. It’s quite tough for entire towns to hold off. But I believe that you and your peers were close to being tough for the raids.”
“Aye, the town was evacuated, civilians vanished, and only my posse was left. Me and others got the messages of an attack. No one listened; no one would listen if they wanted. The best task we’ve done is to hold them off for a couple of minutes. No soldiers were slain. I don’t believe I’ll be well acquainted if other wolves know what I have done.” I responded. 
“You best be joking.” The wolf said. “You’ve held off another raid posse. I hardly could imagine the gall of resisting to surrender. Course the outcome is not surprising, doesn’t make it any less ballsy,” the wolf chuckles. 
I smirked, “At least we can still live. I can not say the same about the people that lived there, however. I could not imagine how many people scared out of their conscious. I’d be glad to face their fates, even if that means to capture.”
“It’s not a bad fate here, just rather boring if you give it time.”
“Hmmm— I do not believe I caught your name.” 
“Grendum. Now Grendum shall sleep. Enjoy your rest human.”
“Ridley.”
“Hmm?”
“I’m Ridley, not some random descendant of apes. We all have names you know!”
“Well, I’m not the one that assumed that, did I?”
“I——shite… you got me….pup.” 
Year 582 AD, Day 31, Week 5, Winter, Dawn
I awaken to bells ringing. The morning sun glows. One of the wolf guards opened the cell. He signals me to rise up, get dressed and be on the move by the time he comes back. Putting clothing on, I venture outside. The rest of the captive Hengende members also arrive. The wolves came out of the brick building, and we begin walking towards the town. 
Following down the path of green vegetation, many brick and steel building appear. Some look at us walking down the street. Most just focus on their work. Various wolf beasts were going about their day. Some are lifting cargo on Humongous wheelbarrows, walking to some distant farm. I spot a store working with three other wolves at attendance. It’s reminiscent of Tim’s shop. Their soldiers were scattered, and patrolling around the town. Smaller, and younger cubs walked with their mothers, playing with others, and curiously gaze on us. 
We stopped around a fort a few hundred meters from the central town. It was their fort, one of them at least. Entering through the ebony gate, we were ordered to line up in the middle of the dirt field. 
“Halt! And face forward!” A leading wolf shouted to the rest of the soldiers. Arriving from the front of the gate, another armored wolf arrived. The elaborate outfit of metal encasing the huge figure begins strutting down to face us. The iron leg casing, and patterned tunic creaks, and sways. A helm covers its muzzle. Stopping in front of us, it removes the helm. Long locks of grey-maned fur spill out. The top of his head is under a tie; creating an onion sized hair fold. Trailing to his shoulders are long braids resting. A coat of white fuzzy fluff hangs under his maw. Green eyes locked onto our heads, surveying us. 
“Good day, I am Commander Sølstorulv. I will be your leader, and mentor for your time here. To get this out of the way, I do not tolerate any disrespect towards anyone between each other, or towards the commanders. This is a system that works on results, and hard work. Can anyone explain what happens if a worker isn’t fed properly…? Not enough rest? Poor working? One does not perform well, and eventually everyone suffers. Which is why actively involving yourself with the labor workforce, will give you benefits, and work even better. It’s not degrading, nor tiring in the future. If it is too much, we will place you with other easier jobs.” Commander Sølstorulv said. 
Why capture us? There has to be something other than putting us to work. I doubt I’d get a straight answer, but I will say it anyways. 
“What else will you do to us?
Sølstorulv walked closer to face me. 
“Well, you will have a routine: basic physique maintenance shall be done by exercise. A minimum of 3 times a week. Breaks to walk around this town start on by the end of the week. But you must be back by sunsets. Do not throw anger at me for that. It’s just for everyone's safety. And afterward, it is most work. You have an occupation choice of any available. One thing to note, meals are only in the afternoon. Not before, or after. There are dark bean grounds to sip on, or blue energy liquids provided by the medical professors here; if you want. The meals are sizable, and should fill you up. It certainly does for us. You have any more to ask?”
No response from me.
“Good! Welcome to your new working life.”
In the holding, we had to go through a short tour of the places we can go to. The building seemed very mechanical with the layouts, and materials used. Apart from the metal cells, there appears to be portable steps for virtual climbings. They folded for the soldiers to climb to inaccessible levels. Seems they can always patrol outside of our view, while they have a constant eye on us. The only spacious locations are an inner yard, central mess hall, and workspaces. The halls appear to be cramp. No more than two people, shoulder to shoulder, wide. Quite hard to run swiftly. Enter the stations, we were now labor workers. My job, tailor assembler. Training begins today and tomorrow. The beasts barked orders to where we move next. To both order us, and ensure we heard their orders. Anyone that disobeys faced the consequences. 
Year 582 AD, Day 34, Week 5, Winter, Light Snowing
God, this may be harder to handle the mental strain of this work. I can feel my body rot with the mundaneness of the job. Sit; sown, up, place on a pile, go back. Sit; sown, up, place on a pile, go back. The needle often pricks me too often. More holes on my thumb than the cloth that need to be repaired. I wish for a more active job. Even if its lifting for scraps, I’ll take it over this. At least there are many more folks to push the workload. Even some of the worker are wolves. Strange there are some of their own kind here imprisoned too, quite a fair amount too. The first two days were rows and rows of uninterrupted work. Even having to hold my bowels to prevent any breaks. Realizing that short breaks were actually permitted, this ‘strategy’ was really idiotic of me. I can thank a fellow wolf worker for telling me that. No problems surfaced. At least till today. Maxwell caused a disruption. With Wesker having to apologize on behalf of Maxwell to the wolf guards. Wesker pulled Maxwell to the side as the guards left
“I really do not want to cause a riot,” Wesker said to max. 
“The hell happened to you? You think we are just going to let them do anything to us?” Maxwell responded. 
“Well, I do not want to escalate this situation.”
“So, you will be a slave instead?”
“No, he’s just being smart.” I Interrupted them. “What kind of plan do you have? Cause staying alive is priority number one. Be nice to them, and they won’t rip off your head.”
“Alright, alright. I’d be better off happy owning a cabin far away from here!”
Christ, I have not seen him this stressed. But he should handle it like the rest of us. The first meal break occurs wither at noon or the evening. Once that period passes, eating any other foods is not permitted. Seems rather strenuous for us. But from what I can recall, many of the wolves have a similar eating style too. At the same time, I heard this is done to maintain supplies, and keep energy up. I worry with this kind of eating, the portions would not be filling. 
“Damn it. Why do we have to wait so long just to eat?” Maxwell spoke. 
“Hey pal, maybe waiting for something to eat would do ya some good.” Another wolf worker responded. 
“Ya calling me fat?” Max responded.
“No, just that you get more food if you wait it out. It’s only really 18 hours you gotta wait. Have water or bean grounds in the meantime. It’s not going to kill you.”
“How will I wait for 18 hours?”
“I can’t say what you should do, but your body just uses what energy it has left. Mostly fat. But as long as you eat once, you are fine. I am not against fat, it can be pretty tasty! In the meantime, just drink water, and work.”
“What will we have today wolf?” I responded. 
“Meats, lots of it. Bit of veggies to accompany it. Today, we have a few eggs, and a Stag.”
Three passing wolves added dishes to the table. One brings a tray with eggs mixed with seasoning. A scoop plopping down on our plates. The steam from the egg filling our noses with the yolky pulp’s scent. Two others already chowed down. I took a scoop of the pile to wait for the main course, the mixed egg was lovely and juicy; the light savory taste made me want to bite in more. A wolf brought in the last tray. We made space for half of the deer that lay on the platter. Brandishing a wide butcher knife, the cooking wolf song three chops on the head and legs of the meal. As they left, we dug in. the delectable fumes of the cooked meat, and roasted skin was fantastically meaty. This really blew my expectations away. I doubt this is a Stag, more of an elk with how large the main course is. 
“Good lord, I don’t think I can finish this”, I said Even Maxwell was having a difficult time cleaning the plate.“So much meat-. God, it's not bad at all, just so much. My belly may burst to shove down more. I don’t want to go hungry by the morning though”
“Make sure to wash it down with the bountiful mead, and give the scraps to me,” said Grendum as he arrived. He took a seat next to me. 
“Thank you,” I said. 
He begins to chow down. Finishing the remaining scraps like a bowl of porridge. I noticed Maxwell exchanged a glare as Grendum finished.
“You wait too?” Said maxwell.
“Of course,” Grendum respond. “Going a bit lighter for tomorrow morning.  Especially with the spirits I shall consume. Shouldn’t be a problem for you humans I bet. Do you want to come down to the taverns by the end of the week?
“… I’m fine.” said Maxwell.
“Neat, more for me I guess.” 
Gredum seemed a bit down after their conversation. I promised him I’ll go out for a drink with him the next day. Going through the town, we both entered the tavern. Mostly full of wolves. The atmosphere was very warm, with groups of soldiers, and wolves passing by spending their time here. Two; Three oak aged liquor bottles later,  we continued to chat about our lives. Grendum simply was incarcerated due to public disruptions. 
Fights, and facing the consequences once he was caught. It did not help that those same confrontations happened in the Holdings. That eventually lead to the loss of his previous labor role and becoming a standard prisoner. No labor for him, so he is waiting out the sentence. Claiming it will take 5 more years till he is freed. Maybe I can help him out with getting a job in the meantime. Right now, we indulged into the late night time, and kept him company.
Year 582 AD, Day 35, Week 5, Winter, Late Night
 I followed the street trail. Christ, I can hardly see anything. Let me see if I can use a stick torch. Although, I could hear something clearly of the distance. I believed it was the constant rustling of bushes.  My curiosity got the best of me. As I crept closer to the source of the ruffling, the orange glow of the light highlighted the shape of two wolves passionately loving each other. They’ve already begun penetrating.  
    Oh! Lord sorry. 
    Hey there, enjoying the view? The bottoming wolf spoke.
The top wolf continues on with the deep fornication. 
    Hmmmffg-- you’ve become tight. The top wolf said. He leaned closer to bite down on the other wolfs neck. His large, red cock going in balls deep. various heavy moaning came out of their mouths. 
I immediately left,  bit embarrassed at coming across them. Have I become prunish over the years? I’m not a stranger to my own nudity. But I never see myself out in the open intercourse. It didn’t even seem to bother them at all I was there. Little did I know how common, and nonchalant gay fornication was publically. 
Year 582 AD, Day 39, Week 6, Winter, Afternoon
Returning to the cell, I shut the door behind me. Grendum is snoring; a groaning, bellowing snore. He twitches and lounges; almost out of the bed. The smell of grapes and a acid-like odor emits near the unconscious wolf. I grip his shoulder and give a forceful shake.  Not even a single, un-shut eye. Grendum’s muzzle turns to let out hot air out from his maw, letting out a subtle, ‘Arf’; the horrid odor has me gagging. Right beside Grendum, I peep over his shoulder to see a green, bulbous flask. purple liquid spills and stains the sheet. 
“HEYYYYYYYYYYY hUUman!”, Grendum yelps. 
Grendum leans in to lick my cheek. I flinched back slightly, but he tugs me back with his paw grabbing my shoulder. 
“Yoooou smell really Lovely! Hmmghmg, Like f—Fat OOOFF of A Hog!
His teeth playfully dig into my shoulder as he growling and snarled; churning his head left and right. I let out a yelp, adrenaline causes me to spaz. I pulled away, but I lost my balance and pulled Grendum with me. On the ground, He releases his bit. Hardly left a mark. His head rubs against my chest, making a rumbling sound vibrating me.
“Grendum, what in the seven hells are you doing?!”
I swear the last quarter hour that passed is just this hulking dog using me as a pillow. Took a while to slip out to lay down somewhere else other than the floor. Grendum should really come off of those intoxicated hangups. It was cute at first, can’t fault him for being drunk docile. But I do not know how much longer I can deal with looking after a larger dog.  
Year 582 AD, Day 40, Week 6, Winter, Wet
During a shift, A few soldiers were around the workspace to set up their own table. A sign was placed , which said “Recruitments Here.” Many of the workers continued on as if they never existed. Only a few inquired the soldiers and took the time to write in a booklet. It would not hurt to check out for myself. 
“Afternoon worker. Are you ready to apply?” Said the wolf soldier. 
“What is this for?”
“You will be writing down your name for the honorary chance of attending the training program for our wolven training. It is a short couple of weeks, but are you tough to get through it?”
“I thought you needed to be some unbridled being to get accepted.”
“Heheheh-- anyone can apply, but do not take that as our force being desperate or lacking in stregth. To be fair, you seem quite strong for a tailoring man. I wager you had some experience.”
“That's correct.” I responded. 
“You are a pretty valuable commodity.”
“Look, I’m not really special.”
“But you are! Hell, you can probably teach some of the newcomers.”
“I do not think I’m in the position to do that. I will be truthful, this seems enticing. But I do not want to go through a process that leaves me with nothing on the field.”
“Nothing on the field? That's our home in the training grounds. It is an adventure to participate. Probably more worthwhile than sewing cloth.” he said. 
“What do I have to do then?”
“Sign your name in the book; bring most, if all your clothing, get your medical forms from your doctor, and meet by outside of the towns, under tavern. That's it. We’ll call your name from the list. Make sure not to look dirty. There will be commanders will be at attendance. Wouldn't want to look like some stray.”
“Will Sølstorulv be there?” I asked. 
“Yes, why?
“To impress him of course. Alright, I’ll give it a sign.”
“Well fear not, we wouldn’t maul you or do anything of the sorts.” He laughed. “Remember, arrive at the plaza by the afternoon. We cannot wait to see you at the camps!”
My shift was clocked in. Walking back to my room, Grendum lays on his bed. A standard habit. He turns his head back. 
“How was your day?”Grendum asked. 
“The same thing. ‘Cept there was something interesting”
“You have a higher position  or something of the sorts?”
“Not in my job, but in a roll call for this army training?”
“You are getting enlisted? I doubt they seek you out.”
“No, there was a station to sign my name in. I am not enlisted yet. I will go through the training regime first. It is conflicting with my nature to work with the wolves. But, I want my reputation with them to remain on a good platform. Instead of being a simple worker. My experience as a combatant shouldn’t be squandered on a sweatshop.”
“The training is not going to kind to you just because you are a human.” He replied.
“I may have submitted to capture by force, yet I decided to stay; holding down the fort.” 
“I wouldn’t want you getting hurt.”
“Doubt it would hurt to apply myself. Maybe the wolves can teach me something. Back at Hengende, they may have outnumbered us, but it was a respectful fight. The odds were going to be stacked against us, and I do not refuse that fate. They debated with use for an alternative choice before the fight. They are just simply better warriors, and I desire that.”
“Ridley-- it doesn’t seem to be very mellow of you to do this.”
“I do not like being locked up like this, I would like to be freed. Had you never had that feeling before?”
“But I had nowhere else to go.”
“Your life not in bottles--”
Grendum stays silent, accompanied by avoidance of eye contact.
“But, I’m not telling you to fully abandon it. I had my fair share of hangovers. Mead is great! I bet you have your kind has their variety of spirits to indulge in. It might get stale after a while, so you try something else. I’ll try out the drafting, if it turns for the worst, I’ll leave. In the meantime, promise me to lay off the drinks. I wouldn’t want you to be lonely, and mead is your only company. You can spend time with Maxwell if needed. Okay?”
“----Alright ridley, I promise.”
Pulling closer, I wrap my arms for an embrace. He needs it. Being the first true wolf to talk to, I would not trade him out for another companion. 
Year 582 AD, Day 43, Week 7, Winter, Chilly
“Alright, On the wagon!” shouted a commander wolf. 
I step forward, this wagon had eight more wolves filling the seat. They would soon be my fellow cadets. Leigh was the brown furred wolf with a contrasting, creamy underside. Gary and Irvin had fully black coats of fur; Fredrick with a tarp tan color that coats him, Lewis & Harold, grey, and white coats respectively. Costello, a more silvery shine on his fur. And finally, Francis. He similarly had three colors; black top, a bit of brown, and white in front. After the lengthy trip, and getting to know them, The wagon doors slammed open. 
“Up!” He barked.
On command, everyone rose to give their attention to the uniformed wolf. 
    “I am your Head-Master, all Headmasters wear a hat just like this. Anyone that carries a hat such as mines will be addressed to as a headmaster. Is that understood?
“Yes Headmaster”, we all said. 
“Off the wagon, now.”
We walked off, ordered to walk in a line, and walk towards the front gates. More cadets arrived in rows. A Headmaster ordered everyone to place their bags to the side of them  and lay flat on the ground. He explains to follow every word of the Headmaster unless told otherwise. We stayed flat on the ground until he ordered to push yourselves up and hold that position. Then, go down to the ground, and pushed up again. ten repetitions of this, and I feel my muscles begin to burn. Up, down; up, down, up, down. Another Headmaster told me to stay off the ground, keeping my arms tense. Headmaster continues on saying to do everything they command or risk failure. You do not have to think, just perform. 
“Stand!” he shouted.
Everyone grabbed their bags while the soreness aches my palms. In the building, we received paperwork in envelope inside the auditorium, Tables are set up. And the seats are filled once again. We were ordered to open them, fill out our information. Names, age, date of birth, and location of birth. Medical information from the forms was needed to be rewritten on another sheet. Afterward, our bags were organized.trash was thrown out, and we all ran to the barracks; ordered by the Headmasters. A standard cloak was given to everyone, and the bed needed to be made. 
Once again, another Headmaster supervised and whipped everyone in shape. He ordered everyone to sleep in one hour once he left. The sun had not begun to fall. I shared the top bed with Costello.
Year 582 AD, Day 52, Week 8, Winter, Dead of Night
The bells ring. Everyone awakens to a Headmaster holding his torch. 
“It’s time to run!” He yelled. 
    For a few, heavy jogging hours, we conducted one of the many “Rising Suns” routines that will be performed many mornings. Difficult at the start, starting by the running to the last stretch of road, and back. Feet sore by the end. Other wolves and my acquaintance were winded. But they recovered much faster. They are wolves, they are built for the long treks, exploding running skills to rival stallions.
Being a much larger creature, raw power for physical exertion is hard to top. After all, this is a simple “warm-up” for the rest of the day. Have to admit, the forest is gorgeous to trek. The green leaves wrapped in a coat of powder white snow. The icy air freezes up my sweat once dawn broke from the horizon. We’ve done more of those physical movements routines, and went into stretching positions. 
A training Headmaster would instruct us on hand to hand combat. Happy to see Søl be our instructor. I hope to impress him. Not much sparing for me, yet. This Headmaster understood I want to participate for the sparring. A quick rundown was explained about what the class will do the following days, and eventually I can practice fighting. Now, it is strength training. A round ball of grey, large concrete had to be carried, thrown, lifted, rolled, and stack. Handles with larger metal rods were for laying on chest, and push it. Variations of this contraption came in small, and large sizes.
Some for lifting the arms on each side, curling to the chest, or wearing the weight on the back and hunching in midair; before lifting upright again. Three at a time went in each training portions. An hour past for weapon handling training. Stab, thrusting, guard, Parry, and riposte; with wooden sticks. The first homework was learning the wolves various blades, handling uses, and counter. Much more combat focused than my previous job. That wolf recruiter was right, this is highly involving, although much more physically demanding. 
Year 582 AD, Day 58, Week 9, Winter, Freezing
Picked up logs around as a group. Climbed trees and boulders. And running in the forest with my cadets for today’s training. Sword combat was a bit different. While training included practice with various blades and spears, sparing involved none of it. Just physical combat maneuvers. None of the other cadets went easy on me. I understand they need to give it all they can muster. But I do not think I will last long. May need to pick up the slack soon. I could ask Sol for any additional training to catch me up to speed.
Year 582 AD, Day 70, Week 10, Winter, Heavy Snowfall
“I would like to go hunting with my cadets”. I said to Søl
“A hunt? I believe there's enough meal here. Ridley” Søl responds. 
“I would like to experience a proper hunt to ready my skills sir.” 
“--we do not trophy hunt here.” Søl deeply thinks about my interest in hunting. “You may use you pray for eating and the hide for cloth. You shouldn’t waste the animal.” 
“Any more advice sir?”
“Go at dawn tomorrow. There's too much snowfall, the trek would be too risky, even for your squad-mates. Additionally, I will let the other instructors excuse you. A pink slip, for ‘admission for a break day’. Only I should know where you are, no one else. Understand?”
“Yes, sir. T-thank you.”
“Good luck O’shire, hope you the hunt goes well!” Søl said. 
Year 582 AD, Day 73, Week 11, Winter, Cloudy
Being a Tactician is my strongest trait in the pack. Yet I do not know how long that will assist me alone. The various trekking drills had myself taking the back end of the team. Sessions of terrain studying, and seeking the targets usually falls on my hands. Leigh, Gary, Costello and Irvin accel at the physical tasks, but the point of my role should be actively involving myself physically. The Last hunt was relatively successful. However, the tundra was hard to trek in. the target almost got away. Fortunately, my cadets were able to catch up. Got a sweet fur coat, and meal out of it. All the training is making me stronger than at any point in my previous job. Nowhere the strength, and power levels of my fellow cadets, but certainly better than the average man. Not to mention, all this done before the first meal in the evening is eaten. It was similar to the meals back in the Holdings, but much more filling, and meatier. I shall stick with this more and more. This must be some test, or at the very least conditioning. Well, I become a harden cadet Head-Masters. Don’t go easy on Headmasters. Never go easy on me. 
Year 582 AD, Day 88, Week 13, Winter, Sunset
Should the doctor formulate a concoction that may surpass my normal capabilities? I doubt I can ever match the physical capacity to my other cadet. But I would not miss the opportunity. The clinic is the medical bay that is used for more than injuries. Various herbs, and supplementations. Visiting that day was Dr. Hundr for more examinations. I schedule the checkup; much earlier than I need to. No issues popped up, physically fine, and nothing else that required further examination. But I was pushing the question of any supplementations I could take. Many of them were under questionable levels of consumption for a human. Hundr did not want me to take those. The side effects are unknown, and he would not want to bear the responsibility of me getting ill. I pressed on if there were anything else made for human. All these captured officers, and not one tested on at all? He had me followed to his wagon. There were three, lime green bottles. No bigger than a shot glass. 
“One, each week.” He said. “They would stack the benefits contained in the bottles. Once the third is consumed, withdrawals will be nullified. But to see him again in the spring for a full, therapeutic session with these supplements. Hundr would eventually leave back to the town. Shot of energy. I felt after my first bottle. Never have I felt my heart pump this way. My muscles are able to harden to the marathon of the daily grind. Thank you Hundr. I can now properly work with my cadets. Søl even took notice with my proficiency. Glad to make him proud. 
Year 582 AD, Day 97, Week 14, Winter, Afternoon
    Quite a clear day today for our important final assessment. 
“Your assessment shall determine not your physical prowess, but the mental cunniness. Ridley, you are rather bold taking up the mantle becoming an armed officer.” Sol said. 
“It was not an issue sir! I  wanted to dive into this field. Being a previous officer, I would like to serve in any role.” I responded. 
“You certainly did more than diving. You are not the only one of your kind to serve. Do not take this as an offense, but most humans are simply not capable of what you provide. Even before Hundr assisted you with the supplements, you’ve still grabbed the groin of our training, and held on.”
“I always wanted to become a guardsman for Hengende. Stories of the knights and legendary commanders of our people were riveting for my young imagination. But life continues forward, and I ended up in a role I never asked for. That is understandable when starting out. But the indecent bureaucracy is grinding. Specifically those priests. I swear that our mayor was simply a front for the priests to lead. At least when they were alive before the nightly ambush occurred.”
“Did the ambush end them?” He responds. 
“It did, I’ve examined their bodies. Bloody mutilated, but it looked like it was done quickly. I still yearned to know what Henry knew before he died.”
“What did he tell you?”
“He-- was in a sort of archaeological group to survey the hidden history of this land. He said-- he was suspicious some of the animals slaughtered in Hengende was because of ancient creatures. He was open in private but told me to keep quiet in public.  He may have been pressured by his peers.”
“--If he is aware-- he was more involved than he leads on. Not all human aware of our existence gets captured. We do not see them as not some animals to be caged. They have their free wills. So, we gave them an ultimatum. Keep silent about what occurred, and they may live in peace. If that found to be broken, they are hunted down. However, seeing this Henry was a priest; sworn to not reveal what he knew, he may have done something to warrant bad blood with us. Not to me, but certainly to the other commander that leads the midnight attack. What bloodline was Henry in?”
“Peaking was his surname. Both him and Lord Peter Peaking JR. shared the same name. We addressed him by his first name to avoid confusion. Grant was the other casualties.”
“Ridley, Henry was a prime target for quite a while. He was not a Hengende Native. He’s a betrayer, and a swine. Our wolven brethren were hunted by their organization. The church leads many attacks and genocides to us.--”
“My lord, Sol. I’m very sorry.” I concernedly interrupted him.  
“No need, you never were involved with this. Thankfully--”. He solemnly responds. “Not all of your people's religious congregations share the same hatred towards us. In fact, survivors had the help of hiding within the building due to the concern of a few select humans. Ridley, know that your participation here is affirming the belief that humans and our people may work together. You have been outstanding.  And eventually lead down meeting our Overlord, Hvitels Konge, for your final initiation.”
“Thank you for believing in me, Sol. how is your overlord? What kind of leader is he?”
“I will be honest, quicky vindictive at the start. Everything is falling into place now, so he’s laxer. Fortunately. Since this will be the closing week, most of our cadets shall be more to more spacious towers for quality housing. You’ll be mostly at the bases for work. Would you care to move?”
“Absolutely!”
“Of course you would.” Sol, grinding back. “We will go to our towns high towers. Hope it’ll be comfortable for you.” 
Year 582 AD, Day 99, Week 15, Winter, Warm
The high tower has a faint glow. Almost as if something entered my room. Perhaps it was the cleaners doing their job, organizing and surveying my room. May have been too dark for them to see. I entered the halls, and up the spiraling stairs. my door ajar. Entering, I set my clothing aside on the stool. I turn forward and froze. 
“You have a swell living space Mr. O’Shire.” A gruff, husky voice said. 
My eyes are fixated on the grey-maned wolf. Søl? In my bedroom?
    “C-commander! What are you doing here? Is there some sort of emergency?”
    “No, it’s quite quiet here. The night time is extremely peaceful. Your quarters are quite homely.”
    “… Thank you, commander,” I said.
    “I hope I haven’t intruded on some personal businesses in your quarters.”
    “Not at all! Do you need me to fetch anything, something to eat?”
    “Ney, I have brought something for the both of us.”
    Søl pulled out two, yellow glass stained flasks. They were almost like huge mugs that needed two hands to hold. But in Søls’ paw, it helped like a lemon, plucked fresh from its tree.
    “These spirits are from faraway alps, in a valley of mountains. While many like it are distilled to be fermented in various types of wooden barrels, these are stored in Ice blocks. Then, finely siphoned out into the bottles. Do you know why they do that?”
    “No sir, I don’t know anything about the liquid.”
    “Well, it is chilled with the alps’ ice because it’s too hot for wolves to drink. It is the strongest-known drink to never be released outside of here. I don’t think I’ll be able to finish it all in one night. Are you willing to take the gulp, Ridley?”
    “Yes, but why are you giving me this?”
    “It’s a momentous occasion for being the best damn human I had the right to be with.”
    “M-m-me?”
    “I do not believe I’m referring to an invisible entity in this very room. Of course, it is you! A good hard worker of the pack should reap the rewards.”
    “Thank you, commander.” 
    “You don’t need to say, commander. You are in your own room, not mine’s.”
    “Right sir—SØL! Søl…. Sorry.”
    “No need for that. Just take a drink, and relax. With me!
    Søl opened up the two flasks of clear liquor. The fumes completely knock my smell up. It wasn’t a bad smell, but it was strong enough to get me drunk by taking a whiff. The gulps I took makes my mouth hot. As if molten lava poured down me. It took a forceful swallow to drink it down. But the various flavors of citruses and the chilly after taste quenches my thirst.
“Søl, this tastes amazing!”
    “I’m glad you enjoy it, Ridley. Do you want to finish the rest of the bottle?”
    “Way ahead of you!”
    The intoxicating liquid is highly addictive. I’ have gone from sips to chugging. Minutes go by as Søl and I recount various stories of our time as soldiers.
    “You know, I don’t know what is with me. I feel more connected here than I did back in Hengende.” I said. 
    “Why? You seem to be a model human?”
    “Various situations and debacles around my job had me doubting my life path. From trying to help people out to the strict and tediousness of my job shifting. Not to mention, the raids got us spooked, against whatever was attacking……”
Søl gives a dubious, deep stare after that sentence.
    “But, that was before. Now everything seems so calm, like you what you said when you entered. I don’t believe it’s my habits. The work here, the people, and you. Everything is so sophisticated and advance. I want to know more about the way wolves live here.”
    “Hmmmmmhm. Most humans don’t seem to have an interest in us.”
    “Then show me. I would like you to teach me.”
    “……It’s a steep learning curve. Like some of the ancient wolves, most ‘packs’ have roles to fill.”
    “Roles? As in betas, alphas, and omegas.” 
    “Traditionally, yes. But it’s never static. It’s dynamic, more based on the person themselves, and how they can fill the roles.”
    “What role do I fill?” 
    “Right now, you are an effective beta.”
    “Then, you are my alpha?”
    Søl seemed taken back and has a difficult time to answer.
    “That can mean many things Ridley, some involving concepts that may be foreign to you.”
    “Such as the copious amount of intercourses between the wolves here? Out in the open, without them having a care in the world? If I’ll be frank, the human’s seem insecure with themselves in acts of nature,” I exclaimed.
    “And you are some sort of secret nudist, a man with nature?” Søl responded.
    “If I’m being honest, I wouldn’t mind. I just need the right mate.”
    “M-mate? You hold feeling for us?”
    “I do not know if it’s the pheromones in the air, many thoughts about my lust that come and go, or this spicy liquid. But I hold feelings.”
    “Then, who do you hold them for?”
    “You, Søl....” I whispered.
A awkward silence forms. But Søl leans forward to break it.
    “Ridley—I accept your feelings.”
    Søl then grabbed me. He leans his muzzle over my face. He stares deeply, studying my expression. The warmth of his fur, and the solid muscular build that rests beside me. The arms wrap around me for an embrace. 
    “Sleep well Ridley,” Søl tenderly says.
Year 582 AD, Day 100, Week 15, Winter, Hot Wet
Arriving early to the podium, the seats begin to fill. Previously, all the formalities and paperwork was filled out. More or less about recording what we did, and to see if I was eligible for certification. The platoon begins to fill up the seat. As I stayed in the backstage for my name to be uttered. The chatter quiets down. 
“With all my heart, I would like to proudly introduce the new additions to the pack!” Said the Headmaster. 
Applause crack through the air. 
“Starting today, These fine cadets will be on the patrol and running out to the hunt. command as a true leader. To show how we, the wolves, truly   this land.”
Each graduate was called up to receive their rolled-up diploma, and uniform. quite the formality displayed here. In addition to the new, leather uniforms embedded with chainmail, we each had our own commissioned horses. Didn’t expect to seem useful for the wolves. Honestly believed it was solely for me. but they actually make travel horses for bases and transportation. 
These would be used to ride to the surrounding mountains. For we had a base ‘round the peaks. a simple day to tour it, move my belonging, and rest for a bit. But I decided to head down into the town. I should at least see how my friends are doing.  Grendum seems rather happier. Doing a bit finer, and Maxwell is getting along with him. Grendum has received an internship role from outside business. He says it’s rather simple, but he has something to do. Gredum is glad to see me complete my training.
Maxwell has some skeptical thoughts about the job. Yet he wishes me well. Wesker is ecstatic to see me return to my proper role. possibly the longest conversation I had about training with him. He wanted to everything about what happened. But I steered from mentioning about what Hundr gave me. Although Wesker noted how I looked bigger. 
Returning back to the base, Sol awaited me to visit, and give my squadron some food. we received a few orders via a traveling message scaling up the mouton side. it was a few surveying works, and ending off the day with reviewing a week-long plan. That plan will be traveling to places and sporting any smaller villages. My role would be to stay as an unidentified visitor. Looking around, and interacting with any forts to capture. Truly feeling as if I was viking. Our own forces would be enough for them to surrender. Less of an attack, and more of seizure. would be a pretty easy job, on paper. Time for tomorrow's grind.
Year 582 AD, Day 102, Week 15, Winter, Glowing Sunset
The room was the same well-lit glow it was since last night. A bit of light pours from the long, clear window.  Sol cleared up his work, so I embraced his maned fur. My loins stirring and enlarge. I yearn for my release. Grasping his fluffy jewels, I uncovered the hidden treasure of his meaty grey sheath. His sack hardly contained in my hand. 
“You’re enormous.”
 “What? My furry cheeks are too big? You are is rather bulbous. I want to chomp on it.”
“Hey! I’m not the one with his ass getting ram’d”
“ Don’t be so. I’ll even take a turn. We will go slow—remember, you are going to like this. Keep your breath, don’t want you to lose it.--”
He strokes his paws on my side. Gently squeezes my cheeks. 
“Are you hungry are you Ridley?” He said. “I am. So very hungry. My consumption is weltering me. I want to consume you like a fine bowl of juicy meat. My heat comes fast. But it lingers like a pond ripple.”
“I am very hungry myself,” I respond. “ Since a long time. B-but—”
“Don’t be hesitant. It's good to fill your hunger. Don’t let both of us starve.” 
“You feel so warm.-- I never ever done this before.”
“Strange, I always saw humans passionately involved with their significant others. I doubt you are unfamiliar with the process.”
 “I always had an interest— but never went did it hands—”
I hushed when the stroking begins. My penis pulsing as he strokes on my bed. God, what a stroke. Gotten me very hard. 
“Sol--, L-let me get you off first.”
Releasing me, I bury my face into the fluff. Opening wide, I let my tongue slip through his sheath. The slight musk of his pulsing, red fleshy rod was meat with a delicious clear liquid to suck at.”
“isn’t this the most delectable taste that has entered your wet mouth?” 
I was too busy filling my mouth. A simple ‘Hmhmm’ would be uttered. I continue on with expanding and tightening my throat. I pushed when Sol pulls; a continuous rhythm of pleasure. 
 “L-lord, keep going. Hmmm. That is the spot. Keep going—I’ll do you.”
I faced on the downside of the bed, still buried in his crotch. 
“ Mhhf—Come closer—”
My lower half also faced him. He begins sucking me off. His huge tongue made me absolutely livid. Couldn’t contain the moans as my members are flowing from Sol’s smooth mouth. On and on, Sol eventually releases. The creamy semen drips from my mouth. Simply too tasty to waste, I gulped what I had in my mouth; his cock still leaking out his spunk. I was close but--
“Now, it's my turn”.
He signals me to lay down. My cock wishing for release.  
“Ridley— you tasted great. How ‘bout you stay there, I’ll continue pleasing you.”
My meat is being to leak a bit of the same clear liquid. His delectable maw leaves me whimpering. My body inflamed and breaks out a sweat. Once again, a pause. My rod twitching for more. 
 “Here this spot is better. Go ahead, fill me. I’ll keep on pounding.”
Sol hunches above me. Grasping my meat, he places it in his tight ass. Slowly going down, I thrust into him. His tightness filling a juicy sleeve of muscle. 
“Ruurrrrrr, that's is a sizable jewel. Keep going. You better not cease, I shall milk you dry. Keep on caressing me.”
Goodness, pleasing me has me exhausted. Yet I did not protest at all. His hips moving up and down, I pound him, yet he did the same. Taking it really nice. I burst out in the last thrust. Sol continues pounding my release, sound of my cream splatting in and out. Finally, he gets up. My limp penis encases in my own juices. His anus, a bit more open than before, had my fluids dripping. Sol lays by me. I was too winded to even speak.  
 “mmmmmhh You did well.... Don’t worry, the next day we’ll do more.”
I just smiled back and came in for a hug as the sun sets for the moon. 
Year 582 AD, Day 103, Week 15, Winter, Midday
And more we did. He allowed me to rut in him. He took in my meat. So, I shall do the same. Fairly new to taking it his long inside me. So I let he take the penetrating role. Not before he tries to loosen my tight hole. Of course, I made sure to clean out first; Hose, bathing, and using a cloth for drying. Still a bit nervous to do this. ready for the pounding, but I did not expect him to begin to lick my torso. 
Got me relaxes when he goes for my nipples. never knew they could be so sensitive. the feel is soft and tingles down to my breath. Sol proceeds to go lower and begins to spread my fresh, bare cheeks. that wet tongue coated between my buns. the flexing of his slippery tongue left me weak on my knees. deeper and deeper he begins his consumption. gods, more please—. Muzzle deep, he keeps squirming around, filling as much space as it can reach. Pulling out, only to plug right back in; again and again. the muscles of my anus feel lax, as my hornieness scales up. fully erected, Sol told me to brace. encroaching on my cavern, the red rod of sol slips through. Hitting the fleshy base of his cock. keeping pace, he pounds and out. 
Fast pace of the thrusting. I can only really hug his cock by squeezing my cheeks with every thrust. no matter how bellowing my moans were, he can. No, he will not slow down. I need him to fill me. My own groin twitching wildly from the size. I did not even lay my hand on it. Sol would change up the pace with short, quick thrusts. the constant penetration led my anus to expand much more, the euphoria is immersive and electrical.  Close to the edge, Sol slashes his pelvis to my ass. the fleshy base surrounding the base of his groin inside me. 
The absolute size was gigantic. Sol’s fluids flow as I feel the heat creating through my body. stopping for a bit to catch our breath. the entirety of his meat pushed me to let go my fluids as well. Spurts of my semen flew out, before reducing to a leak. Sol pulls out, with the flow dripping out. His spunk leaks past my balls. He stays close to me after the fact. Euphoria of the release subsided as we went to clean ourselves. Søl spoons me on the fur embedded bed. The night wallows away for the new day.
Year 582 AD, Day 121, Week 18, Winter, Midday
I always thought of being stationed up here to be a strange. Why are we not down there I wondered? For now, we went on a patrol around the town. Patroling about, most of the population was working, and seemed to be curious about a human being their soldier. But that is coming from most of the younger wolves. In fact, the older wolves have seen human soldiers work here. We go around the many lively markets to collect pay for the treasury. The absolute size and variety of meals makes me water in my mouth. 
I noticed there being lots more work at the base itself. Some of it being about expansion or allocation of troops around the landscape. We participate more as hunters in the meantime, unless there's a chance to capture another town. I check up on how Hengende was doing. More established holdouts were made there, and even potentially have civilians live there. All the potential towns are usually done in land surveying. A long time ago, the land was explored well until the wolves had to establish their town of Chsloc. The last long trek was to the land now known as Saint Beaure. It may be minuscule to the larger cities. but it’s influence among the rest of this land is monumental. Very populated, and highly religious. Many talks about trying to overthrow that city were spoken, but they got put down immediately. It's simply too strong of a city to topple. Which is why towns need to be captured first for territory, and ‘recruitment’. 
Year 582 AD, Day 126, Week 19, Winter, Midday
The meeting was passed on. Örnja it was dubbed. A sub 10,000 population town. A rather spread out town. Houses are meters, sometimes miles away from each other. The main town is small, with only an 8-foot wall encompassing it. Half of the population is not even present. No other towns in this deserted valley. Then, the wolves shall fill the space once taken. It’ll be easy for them, and the space will be allocated usefully. But I would need to enter to spot out any unseen dangers for the plan.
Year 582 AD, Day 174, Week 25, Winter, Midday
After many days wasted on this trek, the town center has been located. It’s rather unremarkable, and truly seems to be wasting away. I am unfortunately not fluent with the towns in the land of Tusult. But after a quick review of the maps, I can identify more than my own. That was with the help of the many written maps at my base. Only one, definitive stronghold, not too different from the one I slaved away in. Dead quiet. Even the one individual moping around in the inner streets was more lively than this static pile of brick. This will no doubt house any vital records of anyone enlisted here.  
Year 582 AD, Day 181, Week 26, Winter, Midday
Since entering Örnja under a false identity as a ‘wandering traveler’, it would seems I would stay in a resting tavern and be on my way. Instead, I will be camping out near the stronghold. Within the abandoned confines of a house, I will prep my cloak. I will go light, only a smooth, metal club, dagger and hooking rope. And torched emitting light will be extinguished. Limiting any visibility. The quiet patter of footsteps patrolling past around the castle. I crept in the shadows, Isolated on the walls of the fortress, I toss the hooking rope up. 
The grasp was tough enough to begin climbing. A few more ignited torches brightens spots of the courtyard. I made it across, and ended the opened entrance of the towers. It’s too bright in here, I extinguished the remaining torches inside. The same was done to the torches on the stairs. Hugging the wall, I spot someone in the office, writing away. If I wanted to push forward, I would need to club him. A quick woos of wind kills the flame, and gotten the attention of the writer. 
He begin to move, as did I. Keeping out of sight, I approach from behind once he exited the room. With a swing of the club, it smashed on the back of his head. He goes down and out. I tied his limbs together, and begin searching through the office. There is one census sheet with a full map of Örnja. I stowed it away. 
Yet the census doesn’t have every detail I needed. I bet the unconscious gentlemen would have those details. I carry him along with me. I climbed back with the rope, walked to my horse placed far away from Örnja, and rode off with the soldier laying off the back of the saddle.
Year 582 AD, Day 202, Week 29, Winter, Melting
The raid shall go underway. After bringing the soldier to the base, he confessed about where the rest of the soldiers should reside. The bewilderment on his face was replaced with fear upon his capture. 
Not much was needed to be done to get the soldier to speak. Just simply a couple more weeks is needed to begin bring resources after capturing the northern town. A new base, and new land claimed. Søl is proud of my infiltration. I told him I was glad to do it. He seemed a bit worried about me feeling forced to do this. He is correct, I did not have to infiltrate it this way. But I wanted to do it to successfully get the information we needed. I reassured that it was done for the job, don’t want to let everyone down at all. He seems to take it well. A few days after, I received a letter. 

    Dear O’shire. I request your attendance at the a high tower by clove garden. Please consider not refraining this invitation. That shall result in a missed opportunity within your occupation. Ready yourself at within the evening, and enter as soon as possible. Sincerely, Your Overlord. 
    Good lord, I did not expect to get this response. Never felt this nervous. I showed Søl the letter. He has a similar response. A bit nervous, with a face of worry to match. Now he assures me that it will be fine. This invite was sent out for a ‘conversation’ that will go about my certain situation. And relating to the vial supplementation. He hugs me and wishes me good luck before we slept. Damn, if this has Søl a bit worried, what will this ‘conversation be about? 
Year 582 AD, Day 254, Week 37, Spring, Cloudy
After showing the guards at the gate the invite, they allowed me in. This was so far the largest tower I have see in my life. It dwarfs the one I occasionally resides. The spiral on the top must me over 20 meters long. Strangest quality is how close a royal estate is to the town itself. It’s rather bright within the black stone palace. The interior contented everything  from a modest hall, chandeliers, ebony columns, and towering stairs. A wolf, I assume was serving, approaches me. 
“The overlord is expecting you. Up, and through the doubles door.”, he said before returning back to his duties. The tower seemed like something out of a tapestry in the larger cities. I enterer through the double doors. The room looked as if it was a king's quarters. With pristine looking furniture, blankets, bookshelves, and a fireplace. A red couch, and chair appears before me. With someone on the chair. 
“Good evening O’shire.” A booming voice said.
 “Who are you?”
 “I hope the invitation didn’t cause any confusion. I am Hvitels Konge.”
    He stands up, and he’s much larger than Søl. his arms, and paw was much larger than my torso; lord, his muscles are thick like tree trunks. This was the same wolf sitting in with a cloak in Hengende? Reckoned I did not get look at him. He still wears the black cloak around his titanic shoulders, contrasting his fully white fur. His fangs almost peering out like tusks pass his black lips. Various scars, and pink slashes run across his body; only to heal into fleshy, pink marks. His jade green eyes make contact with mines.
    “Now, you understand the cause, and the number of our wolf brethren is dim, compared to your forces. How does taking the mantle of a true warrior sound to your ears?”
    “I make sure to do what I need sir.” I said as I sat down next to him.”
    “Of course you are! I could never see a good solder going otherwise. You seem quite capable in your work. One needs discipline and willing to learn the knowledge of our combative ways.”
    “Lord Konge—Surely, there are many other of your kind more capable than me.” I responded. 
    “Now, you don’t need to curate a false story. Those vials were quite a boost back at the camps. You truly used your capabilities there. The strength from the vials is simply a taste of what is real power. The reason for your current appointment is for you to truly become one of us. A wolf of truest nature.”
    I not too sure. No offense to your kind, but I don’t believe I can handle transforming into a wolf.
For a moment, he had sternness in the face. But became understanding.
    “It’s not an order, but an offer to be a greater being. Eventually, many people can co-exist. As man and wolf. With those that remain as humans learning about our ways. Perhaps they want to be us, or live their own lives. The days of wolf perpetuation will cease. And Ridley, you’re involvement with be another step forward to peace. Do you enjoy living in Chsloc? With your mate even? You shall receive all the goods in you life. All you need to do is become us. Hundr will do the procedure and guide you through. It’ll be quick, and you can return to your human form. You’ll just be more stronger than you are right now.”
    “—Okay, I accept your offer.”
    Fantastic. I promise you, that your new life is one you never want to throw away. Although Hundr will be told to come later in the evening,  You can settle down here. You may undress.
    “U-undress sir?”I respond
    Yes! undress! don’t be worried, I’ll do myself first.
Most of his robe came off, exposing his bare fur. His balls and sheath was just as big as melons.  the loose crease of skin drooping with fuzzy white fur.
    “Don’t be shy. Us wolves are not worried to present ourselves. In fact, we must be ready for our mates. Sure, some need to start a family, but submission, and domination between alphas is exhilarating.
    “But Søl.--”
 why limit yourself to one, when you can have two? Me, and Søl can absolutely share you.
Konge could sense my hesitation and worry about what Søl said to me.
    “hfffm, bet he didn’t tell humans relationships are devoted one at a time. I did my fair share on submission for him, and many commanders before you know. Our pack in this military can stuck quite together. He’s not a stranger to me. Neither should you.”
I decided to disrobe as well, and lay on to him. His firm, abdominal muscles and pecs wanted me to rub all over him.
    “This whole experience is still rather hard to take in. I’ve opened up about my preferences to an entirely different species. I-I have enjoyed spending time with many of the members of Örnja. Konge, why were you present during the Hengende raid?”
    “The soldier there were newly recruits. I need to lead, and guide them. Most soldiers are captured, and used to be reintroduced into our land. Simply killing them is a waste. Many just working as a living here. But humans with the passion to truly be us are the ones to be selected the best. Not only did I lead, but I observed. Now that we are here, we can simply wait for the process to begin.”
The dusk light begins to shrink as the fireplace continues warming, and bringing light the room. I napped, along with Konge as my pillow. Then, a knock on the door. We both wake up to see Hundr, with a small wagon with him, and Søl in the opened door. I remembered walking down below the ground level of the tower. 
The dim light emitted a bit of green to show the pool of green liquid. ‘Vita’ Hundr dubbed it. It was a concoction that when used by humans gives off mild attributes of strength and various traits that a wolf has. simultaneously, a ritual will be performed on this very night as I submerged myself in. A sort of rune blessing. It was crucial for me to stay submerged until the transformation is complete. 
Hundr given me an entire flask of vita, then both Søl and Konge give me their blessing as the two pushed me into the pool. Submerged, I hold my breath as I weightless float around the bottom. I refused to move, I did not feel the urges of drowning. My body faced to the top. the rippling shadows of Søl, Konge and Hundr were above me. Some speaking was heard, but I could never make it out. Konge extended his arm out, and a darker liquid was seeping into the pool. Like ink, it spread, and my vision ceased. 
As if something stabbed into my, my chest felt heavy. It was hard to keep my limbs under control. My muscle burn fiercely; arms, legs, torso, and face began to restructure. Growing and snapping into place. The adrenaline wanted me to swing at something. There was no doubt that I kept moving, but I stayed below. My face pushed out for the muzzle. teeth started to grow longer, and my mouth unhinged for the jaw that came. The hairy sensations arrived for my fur. the last of my skin was under my new hide. My hand & feet elongated into paws. Lost my balance in the water since the added mass made me move around even more. Too dark to see, too dark to stay conscious. Air came back into my lungs. 
I awaken to see all three above me, checking my condition. I look back at them and around. My eyes land on my laying body. Pure black fur. My frame is herculean. The three wolves don’t feel so overwhelmingly huge anymore. I adjust myself to get more of my surrounding. In fact, it became easier to see and hear.
    “Was it finally completed—?” My deep, bellowing new voice said.
    “Take a look for yourself Ridley.” Søl said.
My appearance is fully encompassed by my muzzle, and fur. My hazel eyes stared back after peering through the green liquid that made me.
Year 582 AD, Day 273, Week 40 Spring, Morning (Epilogue)
    I miss seeing my friends in the wolves holdings. But, I gotten to see them recently. It’s been a while to get use to my new body. Konge was truthful in having a human form. Lock of black hair all over my body. I may have grown tall, even as a human. My current nature allows much more muscle mass on me. It’s much noticeable to others, even clothed. My arms and torsos, enthralled with rippling muscles. I can my veins rooted throughout my body. There's no doubt in my mind that overall physically attributes; strength, endurance, and speed has surpassed that of a normal man. I’m also expecting to be much more resilient wounds. Even back at Hengende, I can see myself taking the slashes me, and other soldiers inflicted on the ambushing wolf. Although, I am hesitant to test my resistance at this moment. Never thought about how a wolf felt when they go about their day. 
It’s rather overwhelming. It felt as if my eyes, ears and nose were entirely replaced. My eyesight improved, and I can detect sounds farther away. Søl warned me about ‘higher sounds’ that can damage my ears. And the smell—god. Meat never infiltrated my nose more than before. This is all before even getting close to my wolf form.
I believe I true am a beastlier human. Like an ancient human that survived by being a tough hunter. Nothing but spear; Now nothing but claws. Hell, with this new facial mane, and locks of hair; I do look like a caveman. Least I am clean. Maxwell and Wesker absolutely took notice when I visited. It was hard to bring up about my ability to him. He thought I was jestering him. At least until I turned. Really knocked the wind from their is doubts. Took a while for them to get use to it, but each ultimately supported my new found appearance. Additionally, I would like for them to come with me. I can sort for the release of their captivity in a later date.
But, that is still needed to be worked out. Grendum and Max have gotten along well. Perhaps he can keep him good company with him. Grendum went to work more around the prison. Getting an apprenticeship for a forgery. He is much happier than last time. And glad my full transformation was a success. Maybe I can finally go toe to toe with Grendum if he decides to lay on me again.
Lord, it's been quite the work to get to this point. My new form may allow me to work on field much better. There have been preparation and rumors about eventually setting up a much larger raid on the furthest settlement from here. Saint Beaurbe. Something taken quite seriously when this city mentioned. At this moment of time, I cannot expect every danger the journey to capture this city will yield. One thing is certain; I will bring my prowess in leading my pack. 








Ridley Will Return…
