/hmoma/ & /gmad/ request
Tags: Human x Anthro, Scalie, size difference, rimming, slit play, slit eating, deep kissing, light bondage, slit fucking, dom/sub, headpats, temperature play 
Title: The problem with lizards

Tom made his way back to the small apartment. He figured this would be the best way to help his bf, Kalnuth, deal with the weather. Having lived in a colder climate for most of his life, Tom was used to this, but Kalnuth was a cold blooded lizard who absolutely hated this time of year. The conditions left him lethargic, constantly exhausted, and sometimes paralyzed for a few hours. It all depended on the severity of the situation, but today was particularly bad. The black, seven foot tall lizard was currently under a few thick blankets, with a space heater on full blast. If it wasn't for lamp in the room, he would have been practically invisible except for the purple scales on his underside that started at his jaw and ended at the tip of his tail. Parts of his body would randomly twitch while he tried to force himself to move. 

"Fuck it's cold outside", he said while opening the door to his apartment. He kicked off his shoes, put his jacket on a nearby chair, and put the food he got in the fridge. Another bag full of supplies laid on the ground near their small gray couch. Tom opened the bag to check again. Inside was some heat pads, some medical tape, a couple small lemons, and some of the lizard's favorite tea. Now that he was back, Tom could spend the two or three hours needed to let Kalnuth fully recover from the cold, but he had another idea. 

For an entire week last month, Kalnuth woke up Tom by rubbing his slit on his face, and then pretended both of his dicks were a pair of oversized drumsticks and lightly tapped his face. Both of his dicks were pretty fat, and had spongy, firm ridges that got farther apart as it got towards the base. The lizard usually dragged this on for as long as possible, rubbing Tom's face slowly so he would feel every ridge and bump, then he would swap to his right dick and repeat it. He would partially pin him down while this happened, so he had nowhere to go, but had just enough room to struggle. He would comfortably sit there, blushing and milking the precum out of both of his dicks. Sometimes when the lizard was pent up, it would flow out of him and completely drench Tom's face and most of his shirt. Often he would force the girthy tip of one into Tom's mouth, let it pop out, and have the other one rest on his face. When he got bored of that he would get a bunch of precum in his hair, or lay down on top of him and start kissing him. He would slowly lick his entire face, getting as much of his own precum off him and into Tom's mouth. 

One of those mornings, he woke Tom up by nibbling his chin and then slowly forced his tongue down his throat. But that wasn't what startled Tom. He had gotten used to that in the few months he had gotten to known Kalnuth. What startled him was feeling the lizard's cool scales against his already rock hard dick guiding him towards his slit. The lizard took his black, forked tongue out of his throat and whispered "Good morning" before forcing Tom's dick in his slit. The first push had some  resistance, but Kalnuth sat up slightly, adjusted the angle, and fully sat down. He casually started moving his hips while Tom struggled underneath him. The rocking motion was enough for Tom to rub against both of the lizard's dicks, sometimes driving them apart slightly or rubbing against the ridges. A few minutes passed. The Strings of precum splattered on Tom's thighs and hips while his slit got tighter. It wasn't long before he wasn't able to sit on Tom's dick fully, because both of his fat cocks were starting to peek out of his slit, leaking  precum. Before Tom could finish, he let him slide out and stood up while he got fully hard. 

Knowing Tom was close, he kneeled in front of him and started licking his stomach and thighs, before wrapping his forked tongue around his dick, and looked at Tom. He crawled a little bit closer, so his claws were on top of him. The lizard enjoyed watching him struggle and buck his hips to try and cum. Seeing him like this made him leak even more precum while he swallowed Tom's dick to the base and started gently sucking. It forced him over the edge and he squirmed under Kalnuth's weight and painted the back of his throat, relieved. 

Kalnuth swallowed, then decided to return the favor by turning around, kneeling over him and humping Tom's face until he came, spraying thick ropes all over Tom's pajamas before collapsing on top of him, completely spent. 

Another time, Tom had just come home from work. He figured Kalnuth was napping, so he went to go take a quick shower. He stepped out of the bathroom wearing only a towel and was face to face with the giant lizard. Before he could even ask what he was doing, he got effortlessly picked up and hugged. Tom grabbed the back of his neck for support while Kalnuth licked his neck, then spun him around so he was facing away from him. He used a claw to tilt Tom's head up and continued kissing him while he lined one of his cocks up with Tom's ass. He slowly eased half of his left dick in, and started grunting. He forced himself to stay there for a bit while Tom got adjusted to his size. He spurred Tom on by shoving his tongue a little deeper in his throat and to his surprise, felt Tom forcing himself down on his dick. Tom let out a stifled moan when he finally got past the largest ridge. He reached down and realized just how much precum was leaking out of his other dick and stroked it a little, enjoying the loud grunts coming from Kalnuth. 

That's when Kalnuth pulled out and started thrusting. Being as gentle as he could, he continued. Nice, long, deep strokes that allowed him to admire Tom in this position. After a few minutes of this, he sped up, enjoying how wet and sloppy it was beginning to sound. It slid in and out of him effortlessly. At one point he stopped and whispered "I can't help it" while he lined up both of his dicks and pushed Tom down onto them. He started panting. Tom started to say "You know they both aren't going to fit-" and stopped when he managed to get both of them in half way, and held him there. Tom felt both of his dicks throbbing inside him. The lizard grunted and lightly bit down on Tom's shoulder to stop himself from screaming while he came. He could feel Kalnuth's legs tense up while his hips bucked while ropes of hot cum poured into him. He even felt his ridges harden slightly while he continued pumping cum, grunting every so often. The sensation was too much for Kalnuth, and he forced himself to pull out with a loud, messy pop. He set Tom down and then grabbed his towel to clean off both his dicks, said "I love you" and kissed him on the head before walking to the kitchen to go cook both of them some food. 

-------------------------------------

Tom blushed as he remembered this. He looked back down at the bag, then got up and walked towards the other room where Kalnuth was laying down, trying to "warm up". He was laying face up, staring at the ceiling, bored out of his mind when Tom walked in. 

Kalnuth tried his best to sit up, to open his mouth and say hi, but he was too cold to do anything except blink his eyes a few times and move his tail. Tom waited a few moments, then set the bag down beside the bed and grabbed the box of tea, and showed him. He closed his eyes for a moment to show gratitude, only to start glaring at him in confusion when Tom ripped the blankets off him and started gently forcing his legs apart. 

He couldn't talk. He couldn't move or even struggle. His body was too cold to resist and could only watch helplessly as Tom started lifting his legs and forcing them back so his slit and tailhole were fully exposed. He was getting turned on and couldn't help it. Tom ran a finger over his slit and watched it puff up slightly, then looked up at him while he gently spread his tailhole. He kneeled down and started kissing it, really taking his time. Realizing Kalnuth had no control over his body due to how cold he was, he slid his entire tongue inside and felt no resistance. He did this a few more times before he went back to licking and nibbling around his hole, and stopped when he noticed precum was leaking out of his slit. He slid a finger in and heard Kalnuth weakly groan in response while his eyes rolled up, loving every second of this. He was experiencing so much happening but his brain couldn't catch up fast enough to relay it. Everything he experienced was delayed, then felt all at once because he couldn't process it. It was like he felt the last five minutes of getting rimmed and teased all at once and it was driving him crazy. 

He continued to lay there, completely dazed, tongue out. His eyes widened when he saw Tom grab a few lemons out of a bag and place them on his stomach, realizing what was going to happen next. 

Tom grabbed one of the lemons and held it against his slit. He pushed it in effortlessly and grabbed a second one. It took a little more effort, but it also slid in between both of his dicks. Tom's hand was soaked in precum by the time he grabbed the last one. He pressed it in, stretching the lizard's slit to it's limits, and it stopped about half way in. Surprised at how deep his slit went, Tom stood up and looked satisfied. He made eye contact with Kalnuth and gave him a smug grin before saying, "oh wait, I forgot something", and grabbed the medical tape out of the bag. He grabbed a foot and a half of it and tore some off, then lightly wrapped it around Kalnuth's snout, making sure he wasn't biting his tongue. He patted his head, then walked out the room.

Kalnuth laid there, getting increasingly worried that he still couldn't feel anything. He looked down at his own puffy, abused slit, and realized his hips were slightly raised. Gravity was forcing the third lemon in his slit and he couldn't do anything about it.

-------------------------------------
Tom spent the next ten minutes brewing a large kettle full of water for the tea he was preparing. "I have the feeling he's really gonna enjoy this..." he said while returning to the room. He saw Kalnuth's legs still up in the air. To his surprise, Kalnuth was starting to shudder and breathe a little harder. He looked down and realized why.

The third lemon had sunk deeper in his slit, with the widest part fully inside him, causing it to bulge. He pressed on it slightly and watched it start to slide out, then fall back in. He tested it a few more times before he heard Kalnuth let out a frustrated grunt. He looked up at Kalnuth, then back at his slit and said "Here, let me help you out with this" and started pressing down. 

Kalnuth strained to do anything while all three lemons popped out of his slit. His puffy slit closed up a little and he finally relaxed. A mixture of precum and semen poured out of it and onto the bed below him, drenching his thighs and tail. To Tom's surprise, the tips of both of his dicks slid out and started dribbling out even more cum. It took Kalnuth a few more minutes to realize he came from that, and started shaking when Tom kneeled down infront of him and spread his slit open a second time and started kissing it. He used his thumbs to massage the inner tissue while his tongue slid in. He pressed his lips down and formed a seal while he let his tongue do the rest. The sensations finally caught up with the lizard while he grabbed the bed sheets and tried to brace himself. He had spent the last ten minutes without any feeling in his body except his slit getting spread open, having an unbearably long orgasm, and now Tom was kissing his slit causing a second orgasm to build up. 

He was feeling all of this happen at once and tried to scream, but couldn't. 

Tom started swirling his tongue around both of his dicks. He carefully used a hand and forced both of his dicks to slide a little bit more out of his slit, and continued. His face was sticky with precum, he slurped it down eagerly. It slid down his face and onto his neck in thick strands but he didn't mind. The lizard continued huffing and groaning in protest. Before long, he had forced Kalnuth to cum a second time, both his dicks throbbed steadily for about a minute before cum sprayed out of them. 

Tom stood up, and grinned while lowering Kalnuth's legs back and removing the medical tape from his snout. He watched the lizard's eyes bulge out, then shift from frustration to pure bliss, to panic and exhaustion while his body caught up to what happened to him in the last thirty minutes. He laid there, finally starting to feel two orgasms simultaneously. His face flushed and he started growling uncontrollably, trying his best to remain calm.

Tom took his clothes off, laid on top of him, and then pulled the blankets over both of them to start warming up his boyfriend and letting him ride out the sensations. 

The first thing Kalnuth felt was the insane amount of pressure being relieved of his slit, then the buildup of the first orgasm, then Tom kissing and sucking on his slit until he came a second time all at once. As the warmth finally spread through his body, he started shuddering. His felt his legs tense up, then relax. He felt both of his dicks get instantly sore from being milked dry as his slit tingled uncontrollably from all the kissing and sucking. 

-------------------------------------

Kalnuth threw his head back and just gasped for air while he tried to process what happened to him. It was like one moment he was laying in bed, the next he had been forced to cum twice in what felt like a minute. He let out a weak groan when it was finally over, and weakly wrapped his arms around Tom.

He didn't even know how to begin asking Tom what happened, so instead he just said "Holy fuck". Tom hugged him a little tighter, then responded "You're welcome" and kissed his neck. The two laid there for a little while longer before Tom got up, walked to the kitchen and came back with a large mug of tea for Kalnuth. He held it for him while the lizard slowly drank from it, panting and blushing. Tom waited for him to finish, then put the mug down and got back into bed with him. 

Too exhausted to do anything, Kalnuth passed out, his grunts and gasps slowly turned into snores while Tom continued warming him up. The warmth of the room felt nice against his cold scales. Tom was annoyed at first, but he grew to enjoy it because of moments like this.
