“A-are you sure about this?”
The wolf scoffed. “Stop bitching and keep climbing.”
At first when he’d been hit with the shrinking virus he’d panicked. It was a scary thing for sure, suddenly ending up barely an inch tall and placed in some closed off sector with other shrunken citizens, especially considering all the stories he’d heard about normal sized folk doing horrible, unspeakable things to the micro’s, with the local government not giving two shits what happened to the downsized members of society.
After he came to his sector he concluded all those stories to simply have been propaganda, this place wasn’t so bad, in fact it was actually pretty good. Free food, free housing, no requirement to work or anything. He could just relax and do whatever he wanted. Only problem was there wasn't much to do. While the government provided them food and houses they didn’t really give them any activities to pass the time. And while the food was free it was the most boring, mass produced slop available.
That's where their neighbor came in.
Their sector was located in a suburban neighborhood, right next to a normal household belonging to a Labrador. While at first they’d been terrified every time the gold furred giant passed by, they quickly got used to him and some even grew to enjoy his presence. How could they not? He was such a nice guy, more than willing to strike up a conversation or leave their radio in their windowsill to provide them with even a scrap of fun to fight the monotony.
But even with the occasional interaction with the giant lab didn’t offset the immense, massive amount of boredom that was day to day life in the sector, he would do anything just to taste normal food again. It was enough to drive anyone to do something rash and stupid...like sneaking into a giants house to steal food...which is exactly what they were doing.
He pulled himself up into the sofa cushion, quickly turning to help the horse accompanying him up as well. The two where exhausted. When they’d set out on their quest for regular food it had sounded so simple on paper, just walk in, grab the food and leave. Just walking across the now gigantic floor was a trek in it’s own right, climbing the sofa had been an ordeal. Like scaling a cloth covered skyscraper. But it would all be worth it soon.
After realizing that their size made tasks like opening a fridge or a cupboard impossible, they’d almost given up  hope. Then they’d spotted it...like a shiny, plastic covered oasis. There it sat in front of them on the other side of the sofa...a single open bag of potato chips. Bacon flavored. 
He felt his mouth water just at the sight of it. As soon as he’d caught his breath he started walking towards their prize, with the horse following him closely behind.
“Dude, what if the lab comes back.”
“I said stop worrying.” The wolf growled. “The dude doesn’t show up for another three hours. We’ll be gone by then.”
His words didn’t seem to calm the horse’s nerves much as the equine paced harder, his longer legs putting him ahead of the wolf. 
Within minutes the two were at the brim of the bag, the smell of fried, oily, artificially flavored flakes of potatoes hitting their senses and driving their saliva glands into overdrive. The wolf pulled himself into the plastic packaging, spotting the hoard of yellow chips inside. “Oh fuck yeah.”
“Let me see!” The horse pulled himself up, an audible gasp sounding from him when he saw the variable warehouse worth of junk food within.
Wasting no time, the horse pulled himself into the bag, his hoofs sliding on the oil covered insides of the bag and towards the chips. The wolf did much the same, taking more caution and sliding slower.
The chips were massive, the smaller flakes were around the size of frisbees with some of the chips being almost the size of entire cars. Both men didn’t waste any time and attacked the meal, audible groans of pleasures heard after the satisfying crunch of teeth biting into plank sized potato flakes. 
“Omg-” the wolf said with his mouth full. “This is the best fucking thing ever.”
The horse didn’t reply, instead focused on getting as many mouthfuls as he could of the delicious golden crisps.
He bit into another potato, the salty, bacon-y taste filling his mouth, mouthfuls of mushy potato swallowed eagerly. This was the best plan ever.
A noise sounded in the air, like metal pistons striking iron, followed by a creaking, whooshing noise. Both men stopped chewing, freezing in place. They recognized the noise, being one they heard every day. It was the same creaky noise that sounded every time the lab opened his front door.

“TGIF!” The lab chuckled to himself, slamming the door behind himself. If there was anything better than the weekend he certainly didn’t know what it was, after all, nothing could compare to coming home early for a long weekend of relaxation. He strode into his living room, shucking off his flannel shirt and kicking off his heavy work boots.
He made a B-line towards the fridge, grabbing a cold bottle of beer before heading towards the sofa. A cheeky idea crossed his mind, something to really up the comfort factor on such a warm, mid summer evening. With his free hand he worked his belt off, clumsily undoing his fly and wiggling off the dirt caked jeans, struggling a bit to get the form fitting pants down his plump midriff and thighs. Maybe he’d hit the gym tomorrow and work off those winter pounds...maybe.
A slight chill went through him as his legs adjusted to the change in insulation, a comfortable chill. Content and eager to start a full weekend of relaxation, he stepped over to the sofa.

The entire bag shook as the sound of the door slamming rocked through the air. Both men flew into a panic, scrambling to get out of the bag of chips. He crawled on all fours, the grease coating the slick insides of the chip bag making movement slow and difficult.
“H-help!” The horse shrieked.
He looked behind himself. Behind him was the horse, his hooves slipping and sliding on the slick insides of the bag, unable to move himself up the hill formed by the tilted bag. The wolf slid down, grabbing onto the horse’s hand and tried to pull him up. Every time he made it even an inch upwards, gravity pulled the taller and sturdier horse back down...and the wolf along with him.
Everything around them shook, then again, and again. The tell tale sign of the giant’s footsteps approaching. As they footsteps got stronger and stronger, the wolf felt his heart race faster. He gave the horse a remorseful glance before letting go off their hand.
“W-wait! No, please don’t leave me!” The horse cried after him. The wolf ignored it, he had to. His claws barely managed to work against the greasy surface, despite how severe the situation was, he could only inch forward slowly but surely, a single slip could mean death. He threw out his hands and grasped the edge of the bag, throwing himself out of the bag of chips and landing on the sofa cushion below.
The wolf pushed himself up, barely managing to get a knee under himself before the light vanished above him. He looked up, unable to even shriek before the white underwear covered rear crashed down on top of him.

*WHUMP*
He dropped his ass into the seat, leaning forward to grab the remote to tune in to some syndicated showing of a sitcom. With his entertainment primed, the lab sat back, taking a swig of beer before reaching into the bag of chips next to him.

A shadow passed over the lid of the bag and the horse shrieked in terror. The sound of crinkling plastic drowned out his shouting as a massive golden furred hand dipped into the bag. Fingers the size of tree trunks clutched onto a wad of chips several times his size, sending the chips flooding down on top of the poor, trapped horse.
A horrifying crunching sound came from the outside of the bag and the horse fought and struggled to free himself out from under the pile of potato chips.
Before long, the hand returned. A greasy thumb dug under the pile the horse was lying in and the horse flailed, shouting and crying for dear life as the chips he was trapped under tumbled and shifted and a finger came down and clamped down on another lump of deep fried junk food, just barely missing him.
The tumbling had put the horse in a slightly more favorable position, trapped under only a single, large chip rather than a pile. He pushed and struggled against the chip, slowly but surely managing to slide the heavy food item off his torso.
But it was too late.
The hand burst into the bag, the massive fingers clamped down onto a wad of chips with the tiny horse trapped between them. Air rushed around him as he sailed through the air. The horse didn’t even get time to process the sight of the Labrador's mouth in front of him before it opened, shoving the mouthful of chips inside.
He fell onto a wet and slick muscle, trapped in the dark cavern that was the Labrador's maw. Before he could even retch at the thick smell of bacon and dog breath, the tongue under him started moving, shifting the potato-y morsels towards the molars. The horse was powerless to fight against the tongue as it moved him around the dark mouth, the sound of chips crunching all around him, his body pressed into hard teeth while pushed around in the pitch darkness. The thick saliva turning to potato slop, coating him from head to toe, the thick, heavy sounds of jaws clamping down sending pangs of fear through him every time. Each attempt made to scream for help was met with a mouthful of sloppy, saliva mixed potato mush.
For a brief moment the jaws parted, allowing light to flood into the maw. The horse thought for a moment that the giant dog had noticed him...only for the lip of giant flask to press against the lips.
A wave of cold beer washed into the maw, a flood of golden, bubbling liquid bulldozed the horse, swishing him around the lab’s mouth. The tongue shifted under him, mixing the potato chip mush, saliva and beer into a pool before the void at his back opened. For a moment it felt as if something was pulling him, within the span of a second the horse found himself sliding down the dogs throat. Slick muscles squeezed and pulled, no attempt the horse made to slow down his descent worked.


He held the bag over his mouth, shaking out the last bit of bacon flavored dust, licking his lips. With a burp and a pat on his stomach, the lab sat back, scratching his gut and lamenting the fact that he didn’t bother picking up something sweet on the way home. He’d make sure to get something sugary for tomorrows grill party.


The wolf sprung back ton consciousness. He was alive, somehow. The events replayed in his mind. The last thing he remembered was ditching the horse, the wails still ringing in his mind, then jumping onto the sofa. An image of a huge, golden furred rear barely covered by a pair of white underwear the size of a small house stretched across it flared in his mind. He tried to stand up, the numbness of his body vanishing, bombarding him with the immense sensation of pressure.
He wanted to cry out and whimper. There was no way this could be real. The wolf couldn’t believe that he was about to die a slow and miserable death under some Labrador's ass.
No, that would not be his fate.
Struggling to move, the wolf just barely managed to inch his hand forward, the oppressive weight of the dogs ass making each movement an ordeal like none other. The air was warm, reeking of the larbadors strong body odor, the cotton of his underwear damp with sweat. The wolf grabbed onto the fabric of the sofa and pulled.
Immediately he felt a sharp pain in his right thigh, the sensation like he was moving a broken leg, if anything he was lucky if that leg was only broken...and he couldn’t even feel the other one.
He pushed through it, each pull was painful, almost to the point of passing out. Every now and then the Labrador would chuckle, his entire body shaking and grinding the little wolf into the cushion, sending waves of pain through him every time.
Eventually, it felt like the weight was getting lighter as the wolf got further and further along...but the scent got stronger. Despite that, the Wolf pressed on, sensing salvation was close.

The sitcom ended and a news segment started, some puff piece where a micro bull, some politician was speaking about the lack of government oversight over the micro sectors. He’d almost turned the channel before noticing the normal person interviewing them. The show runner was a doe, a bombshell of a doe.
The interview was set up with the cute doe sitting at her desk and the micro politician sitting in a micro chair on top of the desk in front of her….right in front of her chest. He couldn’t help but stare, while the doe’s tits weren’t the largest, compared to the micro bull sitting right under them they looked huge.
His tongue licked across his muzzle. He couldn’t help but envy the little bull. What a view he might have, he almost wished the doe would lean forward, just to see the little guy vanish under her rack. While he sympathized with the little micros he couldn’t deny there were aspects of their size that had it’s advantages.
He felt his cock stir in it’s confines. Fuck it. He thought. It’s the weekend.
The Labrador ran his hand down his gut, plunging them into his still damp underwear and teasing his half hard cock, kneading it towards full mast, allowing the thick shaft to stick out from his waistband as he started to stroke himself slowly.

For a moment, the weight on his back lifted. The wolf almost cried out in joy, believing the Labrador had finally felt him underneath his body and was coming to his rescue…
...only for the weight to crash down once more. Then rise again and crash down again.
It felt like his back was splintering every time the weight of the dogs ball sack fell on him. Every time his lungs were compressed together, forcing the air out of him, forcing desperate, musk filled gasps every chance he could.
The Labrador stroked faster, the massive dog sack rising and falling faster and harder as blood pumped into the thick cock, making it heavier and heavier.
A sharp pain sprung up in the wolfs chest as the balls fell again, next he lost feeling in his legs, then arms. But the pounding didn’t stop. With a gurgling whimper, the wolf lost consciousness.

He threw his head back as his cock swelled and throbbed, a rope of cum shooting out of the tip and onto his gut, followed by a smaller spurt coating his knuckles. The Labrador panted, a small shiver going through his body as he basked in the afterglow of his climax. With a quick glance, he made sure he didn’t stain his sofa before leaning forward to pry a sock off his foot, using it to wipe himself down before standing up. Might as well shower and hit the bed early, make time pass a bit quicker until he could start grilling.
With a slight smile and a wag of his tail, the Labrador walked off, not even spotting the limp wolf’s body squashed against his bulge as he walked off to prepare for bed.