#U53RDV (Plants vs. Zombies Creepypasta) by Yezan135

A very typical feature of video games are cheats or tricks, whose functions are to alter gameplay or make certain visual changes. In certain cases they are activated through menus where certain values are inserted, in others by pressing specific buttons, or in already more complex cases, breaking the game, and Plants vs. Zombies is no exception, from giving the zombies glasses, or making them dance. All these tricks are activated by typing certain things that we will have to do on our keyboard. However, there is a "trick" that makes the whole game change in a very drastic way, and not in a good way. And not only that, but another thing that makes this trick different from others, is that it cannot be activated at any moment we want, but that we have to write it in a specific part of the game.
Today I'm going to tell you about a very strange experience I had with this game, which has to do with this supposed trick that I mentioned earlier, and I hope not to make the terrible mistake of activating it again.
It was approximately 9:00 p.m., I was on my laptop, preparing to record my Plants vs Zombies gameplay series, I had activated my screen recorder before I opened the game to make sure that everything was in order and there was no incorrect configuration. Until then, everything was perfectly normal, but, once the game had finished loading, I was surprised that I was asked to create a new profile. At first, I got quite angry, I thought I had lost my progress permanently and for no reason, however, I remembered that I wanted to back up my game, but apparently, instead of copying the file from my game, I simply moved it to another place.
I wanted to close the game to, now then, make the copy of my game and restore everything, but the game would not let me exit, I had to necessarily create a profile to be able to leave, so I typed anything, and it came out, "U53RDV", and this, ladies and gentlemen, was the first step to make the weird stuff happen.
When I clicked accept, the screen turned black and a warning appeared that said the following:
"Warning, a command has been written to activate the developer mode of this game. Continue anyway?" .
When I read that, I got really excited, I began to imagine all the possibilities I could have with developer mode, and without thinking twice, I clicked "Yes". But unexpectedly, the game closed, I suppused that this was due to the fact that it was necessary to restart the game in order to activate the developer mode, I was surprised to see that the name and icon of the game changed a little, it now changed to "Plants vs. Zombies (Developer Mode). Anxieously, I opened the game to see what changes were made, but the changes were totally different from what I expected. The game became verys omewhat diabolical. Everything looked distorted, when I entered the menu, everything looked unpleasant, the username was "Developer!", thing which I didn't find much sense to, i didn't understand what anything of this had to do with the developer mode. I started to check the game menus to see what changes they had, they had all changed in an unpleasant way. It was expected to see that the game was fully completed, but not that it had all these strange visual effects. I realised that in the icon of the Zen garden appeared a dialogue balloon, which, instead of having the usual drop of water, that said "HELP", I clicked on it to see what I meant by that, but the game closed.
I opened it again, this time i decided to enter Crazy Dave's store, luckily, I was able to enter without problems, however, there was this thing that made me feel uncomfortable, Dave looked somewhat bugged, he had no torso, only his head and arms floating in the air, he  didn't say anything, he just stared at me while smiling.
I went back to the main menu, as I was beginning to get nervous. I was feeling that, at any moment, I was going to get a screamer. I also decided to check the almanack to see what's up, and this was what became most interesting for me, since even the game's characters had changes. In the plants the changes were not so drastic, since sunflower, peashooter, chomper, and others, were the only ones that looked different than usual. However, all the zombies had a change in common, and that is that they all had empty eyes, and some had blood on their faces. Finally, i decided to enter Adventure mode, when clicking, the zombie's hand appeared as always, but the music and sound were heard extremely loud, it was a deafening noise that luckily did not last long. The screen turned black for a few seconds, after a while, it recovered.
The garden also had changed, in this part I was curious to see what it felt like to play a level with these changes, I decided chose my plants and finally start the level, but here, instead of saying "Ready, set, PLANT!", it said "Prepare, to, DIE!", I got a little nervous, but I proceeded with the level.
The first zombie appeared and I began to prepare my peashooter, although here there was also a change, and it was that when the pea hit the zombie, it dropped a something red, which i suppose was blood, but that wasn't all, there was something more disturbing, and that is that when the zombies died, they left a puddle of blood, this was a version of Plants vs Zombies much darker.
From there, the level continued and continued, it advanced normally, there wasn't any changes from there, I even began to forget my fears and I was beginning to entertain myself more, this made me trust myself to such an extent that I thought that nothing bad would happen from there, big mistake. As i kept playing, some questions still passed through my head, such as, Why was it so creepy?Why the word "HELP" in Zen garden? Why developer mode? Anyways i kept playing, and i finallyreached the last horde, it only remained to wait for the plants to eliminate all the zombies.
And then, I had finally completed the level, but when I clicked on the coin bag, the screen turned black and i start hearing a bunch of bite sounds, the zombies had eaten all my plants, and out of nowhere, I lost the level. In this part  the game had been completely locked, I could not close it, i couldn't do anything, however, the recording was still working.
It was then that my laptop that my laptop freezed to the point that i got a  blue screen, I took out my cell phone and started recording my laptop, finally, the blue screen appeared, even though I was already waiting for it, I felt alot of fear, it was the first time it ever appeared on my screen, but then something worse happened. The blue screen disappeared, and the noise had gotten worse. And suddenly, an image of a deformed zombie appeared, with a giant mouth and red eyes. Quickly, I tried to turn off the laptop, but it did not respond, even though I pressed the shutdown button, nothing would happen, while the image multiplied and deformed more and more. I managed to get the image and text to disappear, however the sounds kept going, the noises changed and changed, sometimes, one worse than the other, the laptop still did not respond, even if I kept pressing the off button,i didn't have another choice, only with a strong blow i could calm my laptop down. I realised that my laptop had warmed up too much, for obvious reasons, I didn't want to turn it back on.
The next day, I took my laptop and touched it to see how it was, I couldn't believe it, it was still somewhat warm, but it was a temperature that I could stand while being on, so i turned it on hoping that none of the event of the previous night would have affected it somehow, luckily, I started without any problem, however, I immediately uninstalled the game and decided to avoid it for at least a few weeks.
Afterwards, I started checking my email, to see if there was something interesting, and to my surprise, I received an email whose sender I could not believe, that's right, it was a user called "U53RDV" the same name that I used to activate "developer mode". This user wrote the following text in his mail:
"You have discovered what the game was going to be
I was a developers of Plants vs. Zombies, and i wanted the game to look more realistic, but they rejected my idea, and after an argument, we reached the insults, and ended up firing me. As a  revenge, i hacked the computers where the game was developed, to anonymously modify one of the versions of this game.
Congratulations! You were the first victim to find my version, now, as long as you have the game installed, your computer and all your data will be sent to me, and do not bother trying to uninstall it, since once this email is marked as read, a virus will be installed that will force your computer to have the game installed permanently.
Thanks for playing ;)
Sincerely, U53RDV"
Fortunately, I unistalled the game before that alleged virus was downloaded when reading the mail. Reading that message has made my desire to play the game even less now, and to this point, I still don't have Plants vs. Zombies, and maybe the absence of this game on my laptop will continue for a while.
This has been the worst experience I've ever had when playing Plants vs. Zombies, and I hope that not only with this game, but with others i avoid going through something similar ever again.