A bullet train rocketed forward across Musutafu, breaking through the crisp spring morning. Inside amongst the sea of people stood two hero students. One was very cheerful, the other quite the opposite.

“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this Madoka. And on our day off no less”, the short round boy spoke sharply to his slightly taller classmate. “I could be training, the festival is coming up and I am not losing to braces!” 

“Don’t you mean you aren’t going to lose to her again? Afraid she won’t think you’re cute if you lose?” Madoka smiled smugly, causing Nekiro to glare at her, though she did not pay any attention to that. Instead she responded in her singsong voice “But you promised because I asked nicely. Besides you heard Mr.Shirai, you are the only one who hasn’t picked a hero name yet, which is RIDICULOUS! “

Nekiro Shrugged his shoulders, "I still don’t see how going to see your friend is going to help” 

“Well they are more of my publicist than my friend”

“You didn’t say that! I can’t afford a publicist yet”

“Oh stop worrying about it dummy, she works on a retainer for me. She won't mind at all”

The train slows to a stop at the station, and the crowd pushes outward onto the platform.

“So where is this guy's office?”

“Well HER office is right up there”, Madoka points to the upper level of a tall building amongst the sea of towers.

“On second thought maybe I will go home, the train home should be here in a moment”

“HEY YOU PROMISED!” Madoka looks into his eyes and pouts. “ I came all the way out here and set this meeting up and asked nicely to move it up and-”

“FINE! We can go”

“YAY!”

Before he could protest further, Madoka drug him by the arm to the towering building before them. The inside was like stepping inside the world of an elite businessman, with marble, granite, and gold decorating the lobby. Nekiro could only gawk as he was pulled along to the elevator.  Madoka swiped a card and pressed the button for the 49th floor. 


The elevator let out a low hum as it began its ascent ,“Isn’t it suuuper nice here? Not as cute as our office in Kyoto but they do keep things pretty here.”

 “Coming here was a mistake”

“Nope, not having any of it mister!”

Stepping out onto their floor they followed a hallway into a large luxurious office. A short woman in her mid 60s sat behind a desk made in a material Nekiro had never seen, though whatever it was looked very unique and expensive. 

“Ms. Mikan, so nice to see you, care for some tea?” the woman asked with a voice that was quick and direct.

Madoka responded as she sat down ,“Yes please, Gyokuro if you have it”, 

The woman snapped her fingers and a young man who Nekiro did not notice before stepped forward holding a fresh pot of tea.

“How did you already have that ready?”

The woman laughed, “It is my job to know what my clients want before they do, and more importantly, to make it a reality. I am Chiaki Nikka, sit darling”. She gestured for him to sit.

Nekiro pulled a chair out and sat down, noticing how comfortable it was.

“Your inability to come up with a name and a dreadful outfit have come to my attention”

“Hey who told you tha-”

Madoka nodded quickly “Yes it is very awful to look at.”

Nekiro glared at her, a common gesture so far.

“We will settle that today dear. I have a name and design picked out for you but we will go over some other options first. I heard you were stubborn and wanted you to be able to say no to first.”

“Yes, he is very stubborn” Madoka muttered before sipping her tea

Another glare was shot her way before he spoke again, “fine… let's get this over with”

Madoka sat in excitement and watched, her legs swaying back and forth in the seat,

“Excellent….First we have Terra Titan!” She took out detailed drawings of a costume to match. “Your uniform would be a brilliant green and dark blue, with brown separating them.”

Nekiro looked over it, “Damn, my costume is shit”


“Yes darling of course that is why you were brought here”

“Yeah… this could work”

“NONONO! Darling Darling, this was done by my assistant. “

“But it’s better than what I have by lightyears”


“ Madoka dearie, you said he was stubborn, is he going to say yes to every below average run of the mill suggestion?”

“He is also kind of stupid”

“FOR THE LAST TIME I WAS IN THE UPPER HALF OF THE CLASS”


Madoka laughed, “Barely!”

Chiaki rubbed her forehead


“Darling we will just skip to the end. I moved back 2 pro heroes for this.”

“Thanks again Miss Nikka!”

“Yes it is no problem for you dearie” She turned again to Nekiro.” Now you will take the hero name Jupiter and this costume”

She snapped her fingers once more and another assistant brought her a suitcase. They snapped it open for Nekiro, revealing a costume of white, purple, and burgundy. His jaw dropped as he stared over his new suit.

“The suit is wonderful isn’t it, much better than that hideous eyesore you had before.This one is durable and will be able to change its size with you. Not too much darling, I work miracles but not for you. But it is fashionable.”

Nekiro held his new suit, his normal annoyed attitude dropped. “Jupiter…. I like that”

“Of course you do, I picked it out myself. “

“Chia-.... Miss Nikki, thank you.” Nekiro stood up from his chair and bowed deeply. 

The woman waved her hand to brush him off, “Yes yes, I know darling, it is wonderful. Now don’t go wasting my good name. And dearie don’t worry it isn’t as good as yours, I made certain.”

“Thanks Miss Nikka”

“Of course.” She turned to Nekiro” Now go, show the world my new masterpiece, and do it now. I have 3 more appointments this morning.”

The two left, Madoka chatted about the suit (mostly about how it wasn’t as cute as hers but at least not awful to look at) but Nekiro barely paid any thought to it. His mind was focused on his new persona. 

“Hey are you even listening! Geez I do all of this for you and you can’t even listen”


His thoughts snapped back, “Sorry, I do really appreciate it. “

“Whatever, you owe me one now.”

“I’m not sure what I can do to pay you back.”

“I’ve already decided.” Madoka grinned at him evilly

“I don’t think I like where this is going”

“I want you to listen to 100 chinese pop albums and write a 20 page essay on why it is the best music there is!”

Nekiro groaned, “I guess I owe you”

“Great! You can start now.” Madoka began loading up songs for him to listen to as they walked back to the train station.

It was going to be a long train ride back.