\>Be Anon
\>New year's resolution is to get in shape for the third year in a row.
\>This year however your actually going to follow through.
\>You had gotten a flyer for some one on one training at a local gym you had never heard of before.
\>But it was close and actually in your price range.
\>You throw on some workout shorts and a tank top and head out with your protein shake.
\>The "Mega Bod Gym Home of the All Arms workout" the sign says.
\>Stepping inside you don't see anyone but you can hear the clanking of plates moving around.
\>Based on how loud the clanks are and how deep the grunts are of the person pumping iron he must be built like a tank.

\>"I'll be over right after this set" You hear the man shout inbetween reps.
\>That must be your new trainer since no one else is here right now.
\>Time to get a closer look.
\>Rounding the corner you're greeted by the sight of an absolute beast of a man.
\>Sitting on a modified bench press machine is what must be seven feet and 350 pounds of an anthro tarantula crushing his current set.
\>He doesn't seem to notice you as he continues grunting his rep count and straining his muscles as he lifts.
\>His two pairs of hands each hold what looks like 250 pounds or more on the two bars he keeps raising.
\>You just stand there in awe of the big fuzzy man drinking in the detail of his sculpted body with his jacked arms and slight fluffy gut in the middle.
\>The only article of clothing he's currently wearing is a tight fitting pair of shorts.
\>It was obvious to you that the giant spider was getting more than just his muscles pumped from the intense workout.
\>What must be seven or more inches of spider cock was straining against their cotton prison the equally large balls below forming a tantalizing outline.
\>"48...49... annnd 50!" He shouts with a relieved gasp as he collapses back down with a grin on his face.
\>You swear the bulge you were watching pulsed even larger at the end as you saw a dark spot in the fabric grow.


\>He let's out an satisfied groan before quickly realizing you're staring.
\>Seemingly unaware of his pre-cum soaked bulge in his shorts he sits up with a smile.
\>"Hey new guy! You must be Anon. Thank's for joining my gym let me show you around." He says as his lower pair of arms shakes your hand.
\>"Oh I almost forgot I'm Weaver! I own the joint." 
\>The beaming smile on his face still implying he either doesn't realize he's swinging around his junk at almost full mast or he simply doesn't care.
\>Both options are pretty hot to your lewd mind.
\>Before you can dwell on that fact he pulls you around showing off his gym proudly.
\>It seems like a pretty standard gym as he takes you on a tour.
\>The two things that stand out the most are some of the modified equipment for those with extra appendages and the lingering smell of musk.

\>You just keep smiling and nodding as he pulls you close and explains some of the equipment.
\>Once he's done Weaver gives you a bear hug and tells you to warm-up with some cardio while he gets dressed.
\>About 10 minuets later he's back in the same tight shorts as before but is now sporting what seems to be an XXL T shirt with some extra holes cut out for his other arms.
\>With another beaming smile he tells you to hop off the treadmill and join him by the free weights.
\>"Don't want to do too much cardio Anon you came here to BULK UP am I right?" His deep voice laughs as he pats you on the back.
\>The next 45 minuets are an absolute brutal slog as he works you to the bone.
\>"Well Anon you have a good foundation and I'll be sure to help you build yourself up here." Says Weaver as his mandibles twitch into a big grin
\>Before you can wobble your exhausted body out the door he gives you a big bear hug with all his arms.
\>Your a tall guy but you only come up to his pecs as he squeezes you tight into his chest.
\>He might not realize it but being so close to all his sweat coated muscles is rekindling your lewd thoughts from earlier.

\>The ongoing bearhug Weaver is giving you is going to be a problem real fast.
\>With each heartbeat then tent in your pants grows.
\>Then you feel it. 
\>Thanks to the close hug your growing bulge just rubbed up against his own lewdly strained shorts.
\>You excuse yourself and after another few tense seconds the big spider lets you go.
\>With a hasty excuse you tell him you're hitting the showers as you try to hide your arousal.
\>Sensing that something might be wrong weaver jogs over to catch you as you run off.

\>"Wait up little bro whats the hurry?" He says pulling in front of you.
\>From his new angle though its quite clear what you were hiding.
\>You think you see a blush run through his face as he forgets what he was about to say as he stares at your crotch.
\>"Hehe hey Anon no worries it's only normal after a good workout to have a pump in more ways than one." Weaver jibes.
\>Your lack of response to his joke only makes his nervous blush stronger.
"Uhh... I mean it's a sign of a good workout you know?" He almost mumbles as his usual confidence seems to leave him.
\>You don't want to leave him hanging so you laugh it off and then start to jog over to the shower stalls.
\>Once you've locked yourself in the nearest spot you just crank up the temp and try to calm down a bit.
\>Your new trainer might be a bit strange and oddly casual about sex but you can tell you got a solid workout.
\>Plus he seems hot enough that you wouldn't mind coming back on the regular.
\>After a few more minutes of hot water and steam to wind down you open the door to be greeted by the distinct lack of your clothes.


\>Why are your clothes missing?
\>Did someone else take them by mistake?
\>But you and Weaver seem to be the only two in the gym right now.
\>Does that mean that he took them...
\>You spot a towel and wrap it around your waist so you can at least be semi decent while you investigate.
\>Stepping out into the main room gives no clues at first as you don't see Weaver or anyone else.
\>But then your ears catch what sounds like some faint grunts.
\>Following the noise leads you outside what must be his office.
\>The door is open slightly and its clear someone is inside.
\>As you approach the muffled noises get louder and your curiosity grows.
\>Silently sliding the door open enough to peek at whats going on inside graces your eyes with quite a sight.
\>It's Weaver. With your underwear held up to his face using it to muffle his moans and grunts.
\>His other arms furiously jacking off his enormous cock as it keeps up a constant barrage of precum.
\>Needless to say the sight is pretty damn hot.
\>He doesn't even seem to notice that your watching him in action.
\>Weaver is completely focused on getting his rocks off.
\>Practically humping hands at this point and covered in precum and sweat he surprises you yet again.
\>One of his spare hands goes lower giving his large balls a quick rub before falling below and delicately teasing his hole.
\>His hand slips a finger into his rump as his moans and grunts spike in volume as well as in pitch.
\>You would find it cute if it wasn't so damn hot to have a big guy like him playing with his bum.
\>His whole body rippling with muscles and sweat reaches his breaking point with the new stimulation fast.
\>Weaver lets out one last surprisingly loud moan through your underwear and lets loose what must be a liter or more of cum.
\>As if your clothes weren't dirty enough already, the power behind each of his shots is enough to splash all the way up to his head and hitting your clothes as he doused himself and some of the room in his spooge.

\>You quickly and as quietly as you can run back to the showers before Weaver snaps out of his afterglow.
\>Your own rock hard cock making it a bit harder to keep the towel on right.
\>You slip back into the nearest shower as you process what you just saw.
\>Did Weaver overestimate the amount of time you were gonna be in the shower?
\>Why did he jack off with your clothes?
\>Why the hell did your dick find the fact that he might be a bottom so damn hot.
\>It doesn’t take you long to rub one out yourself with the imagery still fresh in your mind.
\>The added fantasy of interrupting him to offer him something better to use in his ass than his fingers helped too.
\>Just as you’re about to turn the water off you think you hear to the shower area open and someone walk in.
\>Did Weaver see you spying on him?
\>Is he here to confront you or just give you back your stuff.
\>Turning the shower off you decide to face your fate.
\>Stepping out you see Weaver hastily trying to place your clothes back where they originally were.
\>He spots you coming over and smiles and waves at you.
\>Weaver is trying to play it cool but you think you can see where he tried to wash the evidence out.
\>"Hey there Anon well thanks for coming in today come back this Saturday and we can continue to pound some Iron together." Weaver eeks out like he rehearsed it a few times before.
\>You know how lewd and open he usually is so he must really be nervous if he's too afraid to say anything else.
\>At first deciding to let him off easy and act like you don't know what he was just up to you agree to meet up again for another appointment and get your... suspiciously damp and musky clothing on.
\>Maybe it's Weavers musk which practically surrounds you now or maybe just seeing the big guy a little flustered but you get a burst of confidence and give his ass a little squeeze as you walk out the door.
\>You don't look back at him as you leave but you're sure he's got a hell of a blush.

\>The next few days go by fast.
\>Your anticipation of your next appointment with Weaver has got you excited.
\>You get your gym gear on and head out early to be on the safe side.
\>Arriving you can tell it's another slow day at the gym.
\>Or did Weaver make sure no one else would be around when you were here.
\>Since your early you aren't surprised that he isn't by the front desk.
\>You can hear the telltale signs of his workout as the heavy metal plates clank down in the back.
\>You spotted him in the corner in his usual gym attire.
\>A pair of loose shorts and a massive tank top sporting his gym's logo.
\>Needless to say the view of his ass during the squats had you mesmerized.
\>"Hey Anon you're early! Enjoying the view?" He said spotting you ogling him in the mirror. 
\>Weaver caught you checking him out fair and square but you played with it.
\>"Just trying to fully appreciate your proper form." You snark back at him as he just grins.
\>As he's finishing up his set you can't help but notice that the bulge in his shorts grows a little bit with each squat.
\>Captivated you watch as with each new rep it continues to blossom towards its full size.
\>Weavers dick keeps snaking its way down his shorts until suddenly there's almost three inches of thick meat poking out and oozing pre.
\>Damn it this spider knows just how to tease you and he's getting off to it himself.
\>As he triumphantly finished the last rep with a sensual groan you knew you had to turn the tables somehow and get him back for this.


\>"Hey Weaver mind if I spot you for the next exercise?" You ask innocently as you continued to work out a plan.
\>"Yeah no problem I need to hit the bench press next anyway." Weaver says as he strides over and lays down under the rack.
\>Perfect this should work nicely.
\>You get in position behind the bar and let him work up a sweat with the first set.
\>The bench was at the perfect height, once you started spotting him properly your crotch would hover just above his face.
\>Lets see how Weaver likes a taste of his own medicine.
\>As soon as he starts to struggle you close in and get as far forward as you can to help him lift and to make sure he got a face-full of your own bulge this time.
\>Despite doing the initial reps with hardly any issue the sudden presence of your crotch in his face makes almost makes him slip.
\>looking down it's obvious why.
\>Weaver's face has the strongest blush you think is even possible on a big tarantula like him.
\>With each new rep he struggles more and more but keeps powering through it to keep seeming tough.
\>You take pride in winning this round of your game with him and decide to take things up a notch with the now sweating and aroused Weaver beneath you.
\>With each downward motion of the weights you inch your own bulge a little bit closer to his face.
\>He's practically squirming now.
\>His own cock has squeezed its way out of his shorts again as he can hardly contain himself.
\>The sight of dominating a man twice your weight so effectively has begun to strain the limits of your own shorts.
\>You're little workout corner is fast becoming a hot mix of male musk and sweat as the tension continues to rise.
\>Weaver's arm muscles are straining to continue at this point and you end up having to catch most of the weight on the next rep.
\>The sudden weight pulling you and your crotch down right until it makes contact with the big cuties face.
\>You hear him let out a heavy moan into your crotch as you pull back up and spot a huge jet of pre spurt out of his exposed cock.
\>Weaver just lays there panting as a confused mess of libido and exhaustion.
\>You have the big guy practically putty in your hands now as you make the next move.


\>"Hey Weaver that was a nice set. Why don't you let me help you out with this "pump" you have going on down here." You try to act slick but at this point both of you are too horny to care.
\>Weaver must not be used to being in this position as all he can get out between breaths is a soft "Yeah... I mean hell yeah Anon."
\>You work your way around the bench and take only a moment to admire his bulge before pulling his shorts down.
\>Weavers cock shoots up to full mast at this as you expose his junk and ass.
\>This big kinky guy isn't wearing any underwear!
\>As nice as his huge cock is your target this time is a little lower.
\>Weaver's enormous balls look as full and tight as they can be as you move closer to give them a little lick.
\>This only sends them into overdrive again as his cock keeps pumping out a slick string of pre that runs down and gives his balls a nice shine.
\>But that's not what you're here for either, your prize is the thick fuzzy ass just below.
\>You lift his legs up a little bit as he scoots father back on the bench to give you better access.
\>Weaver's started panting again like he's deep into another set as you rub his cheeks and expose his hole.
\>Whatever he was expecting next it certainly wasn't the gentle teasing of your tongue circling his ass.
\>The big spider letting out a deep moan as his cock shoots out another round of pre.
\>He's clearly never had anyone play around back here and he's damn sensitive.
\>You give him a few more tantalizing teases as you tongue around his hole and just when he starts to get used to the sensation you pull back and leave him hanging.

\>"Anon... huff... why did you stop?" Weaver pants.
\>You could tell he was going to be tight and you thought of a fun way to make sure he was comfortable.
\>"This leaky cock of your's gave me an idea." You say as you peel your own underwear off and climb up on the bench with him.
\>The product of your short rimming session was quickly apparent as you spotted almost a cups worth of precum coating his cock and chest.
\>You press your own rock hard dick against his own.
\>With each grinding motion back and forth your cock picks up Weaver's own slickness you can use to lube up.
\>You barely have to do any work as he humps back into you and his hefty balls work overtime to cover you.
\>Both of you know that your each ready.
\>Weaver though has his eyes closed and still seems nervous.
\>You can't have his first time be anything but perfect.
\>Crawling up a little further has him look at you in some confusion.
\>You look into his cute face and silence his worries with a big hug of your own and a deep kiss.
\>His mandibles chittering against your face as you embrace him.
\>It's a pretty romantic moment, at least until his cock lurches again and splashes you with another hit of his pre.
\>Knowing that he's as ready as he will ever be you slide back down and line yourself up.
\>You decide to give him one last little test as you hotdog your cock up and down his ass.
\>Each time you just barely stop yourself from penetrating him, each motion has you lingering longer at his entrance.

\>You grin at him as you do this until you feel him thrust back towards your cock as his thirst to be filled overwhelms him.
\>With that signal you thrust in as you hit your mark.  
\>The two of you moaning as your cock slides in to his tight ass.
\>It doesn't take long for the two of you to find a rhythm.
\>Weaver's dick seems harder than it's ever been and it doesn't take long before his ass clenches down as his cock lets loose blasts of cum that soak both of your shirts.
\>His ass getting even tighter with his orgasm you let loose inside as your own decent load pumps into him.
\>The two of you just lay there for a minute as Weaver keeps emptying his balls and you keep filling his ass.
\>Once the haze of the afterglow starts to fade you pull out and crawl up on his chest as the two of you make out again.
\>"Hey Anon... I know this might be a bit late but we should go on a date sometime."  Weaver smiles at you as you recover on his chest.
\>He hugs you close as the two of you make plans for a more normal first date.  
\>One that will inevitably end up lewd anyways.
