I want to gift a collar to shigure ui that produce a strange comfortable aura whenever she wore it, the collar got her addicted to place it on herself whenever she can. With each passing days the comfortable aura become a strange sex aura that makes her so aroused that she will need to masturbate to be able to have a normal life, until one day the aura is subsiding until she can't feel that comfortable or aroused anymore, then she will have a some sort of withdrawal effect that makes her willingly wear the collar in hope to get that sort of feeling again. Until one day I met her again and
suddenly all of the aura on the collar come at full force. 

She will get aroused around me and have a small orgasms whenever I talk to her. She then invited me to her place and start rubbing her body on me when we got there. She started making a cute gasp and moan while rubbing her body on me, In her aroused and addled mind I am the only source of comfort so she stay close to me and whenever I tried to distance myself a cute upset noises come out of her. I tell her that I must go but she beg me to stay and said that she need me here. I relented and start rubbing her body as she gasp and moan at my hand, I order her to strip one article of cloth whenever she orgasms because of my touch and she followed my order without hesitation until the only thing on her body is the collar that I gifted to her. In her nakedness I ordered her to orgasms whenever I said so until she became a shivering mess of droll from her mouth and love juice from her lower mouth with an aroused and silly looks on her face. 

After that I started to tell her the truth about the collar and what kind of effect it gave her I told her that if we stay close like this for a long time she will become my slave and will not be able to live without me anymore, I tell her that I don't want an unwilling slave so if she want to be my slave she must beg me to accept her. After hearing that Ui smile and spread her leg in a M shape while also spreading her V with her hand, then she beg me to fuck her and offer herself to me for as long as she lives.

***

Selling a questionable VR visor for clueless Aqua, said that it was a SAO limited edition one and she can get an exclusive SAO VN for the game where she self insert as Kirito(female) and goes on an adventure with Asuna and other SAO girl.
She got excited and bought it without a second thought. Use the visor and enjoyed a few minute of game with Asuna and other girl. At some point they tried to clear a dungeon but got jumped by slime. The feels of being touched by slime gave Aqua a pleasurable feeling and heightened her sensitivity. After beating the slime dungeon she logged out and tried to not logged in again because of the embarrassment, but too late the program on the visor already change her a bit sooner or later she will put the visor again.

That night after re-watching SAO once again Aqua wants to go on an adventure with Asuna again so reluctantly she put on the visor again this time she doesn't go to any of the dungeon just enjoying talking with Asuna and the other girl on a town one of the girl got some sort of aphrodisiac in a bottle and accidentally Aqua smell it she got so aroused that she logged out and start to furiously masturbate for the first time in a while, She forgot to remove the visor when she logged out so unknowingly when she masturbate the visor gave some sort of brainwashing stimulant to her that makes her remember about that slime dungeon, about the touch of that slimy slime, the smell of the aphrodisiac and it heightened her sensitivity again.

After that for a few days Aqua keep using the visor unconsciously whenever she feels aroused and went to masturbate, her gasp an moans can be heard outside of her room every night heightened by the visor her libido is increasing everyday. Even after her break end, she rarely stream because of her addiction to masturbating. That night she logged in once again to the game but today is different because she and the SAO girl tried to go to the dungeon without proper equipment Aqua and the other SAO girl lost and got assaulted by the slime the feels of being assaulted by the slime touch, the slime tentacle being inserted into all her hole, and the suffocating feeling when the slime gobbled her head inside it's body gave Aqua the biggest orgasms that she has ever feels and the number of orgasms she got until her in game characters died and she got forcibly logged out was outstanding, that's the first time that she got so many orgasms under 10 minute.


Want to feels likes that again she tried to login in to the game again but unfortunately the game was broken and she can't log in into the game again upset she angrily contacted the seller (me) to fix the game I told her to tell me her home address so I can come to fix it, and I told her to wait for three days. In those three days Aqua feels frustrated because she can't log in to the game so she keep masturbating while wearing the visor unknown to the fact that the visor keep sending brainwashing stimulant to her head it also keep sending an image of a man who can control slime to assaulted her and gave her a lewd command.