### A Deal With Death, Part Two
!!! note This is a backup archive of the original and may not retain its formatting https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSA5byjqy3B0EIdK-zs3-KnFcgDLRLcTqVpoDAuXlZUPF1Q1H3ppbLfb8L2FklsqgsCr2IlkslScT2-/pub

After a long day of reaping souls, Mori teleported into Ollie's apartment, where the zombie girl was already waiting for her in a maid cosplay.

„Welcome home, Reaper sama. How may I serve you today?“ Ollie said as she bowed down before her mistress.

„Wow, you even thought about the costume, I'm impressed.“

Mori was surprised by her servants' dedication, but it did not convince her to go easy on Ollie.

„Now get down on your knees, I need to take a leak really bad.“

„As you wish, mistress.“ The zombie girl dropped down on her knees and opened her mouth with her tongue sticking out. The reaper girl pulled out her penis and held it over Ollie's head.

„Okay Ollie, my bladder is about to burst. Better prepare for a big load.“

With that, Mori unleashed a dark yellow stream of stinking urine on the face of her maid. The zombie shuddered as she tried to swallow the rancid juices of her tormentor, but even with all her efforts, she couldn't prevent the liquid from pouring down on her costume.

„Oh boy, couldn't even take a piss break today. My boss is really working me to the bone lately. Feels good to finally let it all out.“

Tears of humiliation welled up in Ollie's eyes as she felt the dampness of the piss drenched clothes on her body. After many long minutes, Moris stream of urine gradually lost its intensity until it finally stopped completely.

„Alright, I think I'm done now. Sorry about your clothes tho, they actually looked kinda cute.“

Ollie appreciated the short break that let her catch her breath, but the penetrant stench that was waving over from Moris cock already warned her about what was going to happen next.

„You know the deal Ollie. Put that tongue to use before I have to ram it down your throat again.“

Ollie gulped and hesitantly put her hands on Mori’s massive penis to pull back the foreskin. She was greeted by a thick layer of smegma and an intense smell of musk that made her retch.

„Be sure to properly lick the area behind the glans, that part is tricky.“

As Ollie began to clean the reaper's shaft with her tongue, Mori received a phone call which she nervously answered.

„Oh Kiara, what's up babe?“

Ollie barely noticed that Mori was talking to someone else. Her mind was so hypnotized by the salty taste of her tormentor's cock that she completely lost her awareness of what's happening around her. Mori had trouble keeping her composure when Ollie began to suck on her glans.

„I know, I promised to be home before 5pm but works been p-piling up lately. Need to reap a little longer for today. Damn it, I ...oooh... Hm? Oh, it's nothing. Just tripped there for a second. I'll be back before dinner, alright? See ya.“

After the reaper finished her call she grabbed Ollie's throat in rage and began to snarl at her.

„You cheeky little brat. That tongue of yours almost made me blow my cover. My girlfriend would kill both of us if she knew that I'm getting my dick cleaned by another girl.“

Mori turned around and pressed Ollie's head between her buttcheeks.

„You like using your tongue so much? Here, I'll give you something to lick.“

The eyes of the zombie girl began to water once again as the pungent stench of Mori’s asshole bit into her nose.

„Freshen me up a little, will ya? I'm sweating like crazy in this outfit.“

Ollie had to fight back the urge to puke for a moment, but after she got accustomed to the smell she began to lick around the rim of Mori's anus. Pubes and dregs of dead skin accumulated in her mouth and she had trouble swallowing all the dirt without having a coughing fit.

„Come on girl, get your tongue in there already. I've been aching for a massage.“ Mori instructed her servant as she stroked her erect penis.

Ollie used her thumbs to spread open the anus of the reaper girl. It took her a lot of effort, but the zombie managed to wriggle the entire length of her tongue into Mori's tight rectum. Her jaw began to hurt as she thrusted her tongue in and out of the reapers anal cavity.

„Oh yeah, make that hole gape. Kiara wanted to try out her new strap-on later today. Might as well lube me up a little to prepare myself. Gosh, the things I do for this girl...“

Thinking about her girlfriend got Mori excited so she decided to attack her slave without warning and keep her in place with a chokehold. Mori used her free hand to rip the upper part of Ollie's costume apart so she could fondle her chest from behind.

„You got tits like a boy, did someone ever tell you that? But that's exactly how I like 'em~.“

The reaper moved her face closer to Ollie's neck and began to sniff it like a perverted geezer. „Mhmmmm, I smell perfume. Did you put that on just for me? I like it, reminds me of patchouli.“

Ollie clenched her teeth in disgust as Mori slowly licked the side of her neck and left a snail trail of saliva on it. The zombie whimpered when her tormentor forced her penis between her thighs to rub her clitoris with it. Ollie could feel Mori’s hot breath on her neck as the reaper continued to lick and tease her from behind.

„You like that, don't you? Getting your virgin cunt rubbed by my fat reaper cock. I bet you're about to cum just from that. But don't worry. I already know what I'm going to do with you next.“

Mori finally had enough of her teasing and decided to fully assault her servant.

„Get ready Ollie, I'm going to turn you into a real woman now.“

„W-what?!“ Ollie cried out in panic. Overpowered by lust, Mori grabbed Ollies thighs from behind and lifted her up into the air. She then impaled the girl on her spear-like member, which was followed by a painful yell. Mori let the zombie slide up and down on her cock, practically treating her slave like an oversized onahole. The helpless girl screamed in pain as her hymen got ripped apart by Mori’s overdimensional futa penis.

„It hurts! Please! Please take it out!“

Mori, of course, did not give in to the pleas of her victim. The sadistic grin on her face indicated that she had way too much fun pleasuring herself with her undead fucktoy.

„Stop overreacting, Ollie. You've endured much worse than this.“

Ollie's stomach bulged as Mori forced her cock deeper and deeper into the zombie girl's vagina. A few twitches of Moris penis signalized that she was about to ejaculate.

„I'm gonna bust. Can zombies get pregnant? Just imagine that: Your rotten womb that should have stopped working ages ago creating some deformed baby. Fucking disgusting. You're a goddamn abomination, Ollie. Well, I guess it doesn't matter anyways. You don't have enough time left to worry about that.“

Her continued bullying caused Ollie to burst out in tears, which finally made the sadistic reaper reach an orgasm. Mori erupted in a fit of hateful laughter as gallons of cum were pumped into Ollie's womb.




Mori lit up a cigarette and tried to start some small talk with her servant to wind down after her coitus.

„So, about your parent’s house. Made any progress?“

„I...still...need...some more time...“ Ollie tried to say while still struggling to catch her breath.

„You know Ollie, I'm really risking my ass for you. If Death-Sensei finds out that I'm letting one of my targets live to get my dick wet he's going to tear me a new one.“

In another sudden post-coital realization, Mori let her face sink into her palms.

„Jesus Christ, what the fuck am I doing. I have a girlfriend that is waiting for me to come home and I waste my time plowing the girl that I'm supposed to kill.“

„She must be a really pretty girl...“ Ollie said dejectedly. She knew that she would never experience the joys of a relationship in the short remainder of her life.

„You can bet your sweet ass she is. And I sure as hell won't lose her because I got horny on the job. Thanks to our fucked up schedules we were barely able to see each other lately. I better get going now.“

Mori pulled out her wallet and threw some money on the floor in front of the zombie as she made her way to the door.

„I had fun today. Take this, I hope it helps.“

With one foot in the doorway, Mori turned around to give the zombie a final message.

„You have one more week, Ollie. After that I can't make any more promises. Do you understand that?“

„Yes, Mori... Thank you for everything.“

„Good. The next time I visit you will come with me.“

The door closed and a whoosh signalized that Mori had teleported away from the scene. The violated zombie girl sat alone on her bed in complete silence. Tears began to fall from her eyes once more...