#>Hunt and Mate
The salty breeze of the sea grazed against the sapphire-haired girl as she walked to her vacation home. It's been a long day of walks past the beach, swimming and hearing the waves crashing by. If Sunny didn't think she was obsessed before, he sure does now!
Then again, he was the one that offered to bring them here first! Apparently Ms. Suzuki finally got a good deal on their old OMORI, and was more than happy to lend Sunny the money needed for this romantic getaway when he asked. Still, as excited as she was when he proposed the idea, she knew deep inside she'd have to make it up for him, this was a way bigger deal than that necklace!
​
Cris stared deep and beyond the horizons of the sea, taking in that scenery. Turning back to the cabin, she knew the perfect gift only she could give to Sunny.
It was mating season, after all.
>Cris felt a perverse smile forming on her lips as she approached the emotionless boy. She wondered for just how long he would keep this 'Uninterested' facade as the night went on, the blush forming on his cheeks quick to betray him.
>Gently taking grasp of his hand, she guided his fingers beneath her shirt, content to let Sunny explore on his own, only following the curiosity in his eyes.
>His soft touch sailed along her skin, sending cheery tingles on the girl's back before finally making way into their destination.
>Sunny waited for something to happen with an adventurous uncertainty in his eyes, only reveling in shock as Cris reddened his ears with her words.
>"I can't do everything for you, Sunny~"
>Her grip on him loosened as she expected his to tighten. Sunny felt lost for only moment before noticing her expecting smile.
>First, a soft squeeze, pressing his fingers around her supple chest and gauging for a reaction. The lewd expression casted on her face was something he would never forget.
>Telling him to keep going, he began circling his thumbs around her nipples. He made a smile of his own noticing the subtle trembling of her body, not even noticing the warmth amassing below his waist.
>Cris however did. She decided Sunny had tasted enough of the beauty of the surface, and was about to meet how rough the depths could be.
>Planting her hands behind his shoulders, she brought him for a sudden and prolonged kiss, passionately pressing their lips together and waiting to see if he would go further. He was panting for air by the time she released him.
>"Sorry sunshine, but if you want to explore the seas, first you need to know how to hold your breath!"
>Her words were apologetic but laced with intoxicating lust, Sunny could only watch in awe as she abandoned layer after layer of clothing, eventually revealing a body so sculpted she could be a siren herself.
>Cris stared her mate down, skittish and ready to pounce at any moment...
​
>Before spoiling herself, the siren helped a blushing Sunny take off his shirt. She could feel his body growing warmer as she pressed her chest to his back.
>A rush of excitement and warmth took her aback when he was finally shirtless. As she realized he was still wearing the collar she had crafted for him, she hoped the earlier kiss stunt didn't damage it.
>"Did you put this on for me, Sunny?"
>His blush had gotten stronger, but he actually shook his head at that. As he explained it, he's been wearing it ever since he got it.
>Cris felt herself stop at that moment. She speechlessly stared at the guilty look of her beloved before raising her hand to her own cheek. As she feared, she had started blushing herself.
>Sunny...She clearly had underestimated him, this man was a true sea captain!
>The girl relaxed her movements as she slowly crawled up to him. She thought she was the predator here, but now is taking care she doesn't become prey herself.
>Looking at his face from up close, feeling the warmth exiting his body, the enticing smell of passion filling her up...
>Even his glassy, scarred eye. She could only picture how well an eye patch would fit him now.
>Cris had finally regained her senses as her face sat centimeters away from his. She was ready to take the initiative, but it was Sunny who landed a surprise blow!
>His kiss was slower, less experienced but gentler than hers. Slowly but surely she was melting away to his grasp.
>The kisses continued as she fell behind on the soft silk. Sunny sunk below her mouth, turning each kiss more playful as they became teasing bites.
>Cris could barely believe it, but she was his prey now. Sunny predated her neck with lips, teeth and tongue, leaving light love bites behind.
>Soon after, the trail of saliva had reached her chest. Cris couldn't help but let a soft moan escape her lips as Sunny playfully bit once again, surrounding one of her nipples with his tongue while his fingers played with the other.
>The siren felt herself squirming below her captor, if things went on like this, she would...
>No! The prey can still fight back! Surprising Sunny, Cris locked her legs behind him and rolled them over. She was on top again, right where she wanted to be.
​
>Sunny's eyes widened as Cris started grinding against him, a ferocious smirk formed on her face as she held the dominant role once again.
>Cris sunk one hand into Sunny's chest while the other reached below his waist, trying to get a hold of his shorts.
>"We're about to reach the spash zone, try not to get your clothes wet!"
>In one swift motion, Cris violently grasped and ripped off the rest of Sunny's clothes. He could only gulp in a mix of excitement and anxiety as her expression grew manic once more.
>Cris tightened her hands on Sunny's shoulders, almost digging her nails in to keep her prey in place before dropping her weight onto him again. His body twitched below her in pleasure as he was engulfed by her wet walls, locking him in place.
>Cris struggles to keep her messy hair out of her face while riding Sunny, wanting to savor every pleasurable face he makes now that his stoic demeanor is fully broken down. Sunny tries to regain his composure, starting to sit while reaching for her waist but he is just pushed down again when she crashes onto him with another kiss.
>This time, he knows to go further. He starts exploring her mouth with his tongue and she does the same, wrestling their tongues together, full of passion for one another as they stared each other down. Sunny took the opportunity to finally thrust his hips upwards, following Cris' rhythm as her expression shifts again.
>The two now fight as wild beasts full of passion, following each other's rhythm and rising the intensity of their moves, intent on not letting the other get full control. The wild assault continues as Cris holds onto his for balance, both hearing the violent crashing of waves outside almost match their vigor.
>Finally, Sunny thrusts one last time through gritted teeth as he begins feeling lightheaded, while Cris tightens her grasp on him in intensifying fervor before suddenly releasing in a dramatic climax. Her body gives after the sudden warmth below overtakes her.
​
>Cris finally lost the balance of her body and peacefully fell besides Sunny. The two of them were a sweaty mess after this stunt, but she was at least sure neither of them would forget about it any time soon.
>After taking some time to catch their breath, Cris could hear the waves finally giving in and calming down outside, leaving only the soft sounds of the sea and a drizzling rain as background noise.
>_"So..."_ She was still heaving for air. _"Want to go skinny dipping to clean this off?"_
