You sigh, looking out the window. The trees are swinging in the soft breeze, and the birds are chirping loudly. It's just another day at school. Class doesn't start for another 20 minutes, you didn't really bring anything to pass the time, so you can do nothing but watch the clouds while you spin around your gnawed pencil in your fingers.

"Nee~ Otaku-Kun~ moshi moshi~ are you there~? "

That cloud kind of looks like a monkey riding a tricycle. You chuckle at the thought.

"Otaku-Kun?" Was someone calling for you? That seemed awfully close.

You turn around to see a tanned girl, cat ears and tail with big breasts popping right out of her badly buttoned up blouse, leaning in, staring you right in the face with a puzzled look. You look at the mole in her plump breast, then look up at her face.

"Hm~?"

You jump, startled. She laughs at your reaction.

"Ah, gomen, gomen~ I wasn't trying to scare you or anythin'~" She stands straight up.

You think you remember this girl. Right, it was Okayu, the gyaru girl from class who's always asking you to lend her your stuff. A girl with blonde hair and leopard prints on her animal parts, she always wore a shirt way too loose for school standards despite being warned several times, a skirt that barely covered her thighs, and always walked around with the school bully Korone.

"Nee~, I forgot my eraser, you don't mind lending me yours again, right~?" Her voice was so calm and carefree, dragging out her words like she had all the time in the world.

You sighed, lending her your eraser again without any struggle.

"Arigato, Otaku-Kun~ aren't you the sweetest~? I swear I'll pay you back somehow~" She never did. It was best to let it go. At least she always returned your stuff, so that was nice.

"In fact~ what do you say we sneak out of here for a few minutes and I give you a little reward? Class doesn't start until 8:30~ you know~?"

You told her it was all good and that she didn't need to do anything for you, but she insisted... in a very persuasive way.

"Nee~... " Okayu leaned right into your ear, lowering her voice to a soft whisper, hot breath hitting your sensitive skin. "Have you ever had a blowjob, Otaku-Kun~?"

Okayu leaned out, leaving you flabbergasted at her words. Did she really say that? You turn to her, she's smiling gently. Then she gives you a look.

"If you want your reward~ come meet me in the janitor's closet... I'll be waiting~"

The cat walks out of the classroom, though not before pausing at the door and doing blowjob gestures with her hands and winking at you, before finally walking out of view
Her laughing can be heard in the hallway softly. You had a massive hard on, your heart was pounding. Would you follow her? Class was in 10 minutes... Actually, fuck class! You hide your raging boner by tucking it under your belt and follow after her in a weird strut.