#Mike the Driver Relationship Chart

Ramses, mutant leader:
I ain't got no time for warlords, mutant or not. Don't imagine this asshole would be the kind to hitch a lift, anyway.

Karnak, follower of Ramses:
Oh yeah, the goober on the radio. He's kinda funny, but if he actually believes the things he says I wouldn't give him a ride, or brake if I saw him crossing the street.

Brunnea "Sunny" Brown, furry gangster mutant:
Gang types are bad news. Learned that the hard way. Sorry, we reserve the right to refuse service yadda, yadda, yadda, get the fuck of my embarkation ramp before I put both barrels between your eyes.

Sasha, giant snake mutant:
(Holy shit, lookit the size o' them gazongas!) Uh, sorry ma'am, I don't really have the room for someone of your size, and even if I do, I don't think the other passengers would be very happy sharing a cargo bay with a gigantic mutant, no offence.

Dr. Charles Crane, wasteland doctor & sharpshooter.
I meant what I said the last time I had him on board; he rides for free any time he wants, first class. Real stand-up guy and a hell of a doctor as far as I'm any judge. Pretty mean shot, too, by all accounts.

Mike the Driver, crawler pilot.
Oh, this asshole. Personally, I blame him for all my problems.

Ricky W. Booth, pilot and D.J..
Yeah, good ol' Ricky. I hear him on the radio all the time. He's a pretty funny guy. Some people seem to think we're in competition, but realistically we're at opposite ends of the market; I'm for bulk transport when time isn't really much of a factor, he's for small, highly time-sensitive cargoes. Can't imagine he'd ever need a lift on the crawler, but I'd be happy to have him on board if he did.

Lockley Aimes, the flying archeologist.
She seems like a sweet kid. A little sheltered maybe, but that's hardly surprising considering where she's from. If her money's good she can ride just like anyone else.

Specialist Marcus Cassius Allen, time-travelling marine.
Seriously?
'Killfuck Soulshitter'?
Seriously?
Fine, whatever. If he can pay for his ride I'll call him Jemima Flappytits if he asks me to. He seems like an okay guy, more-or-less.

Aaron Cob, the Ant King.
No, I will not shout it.
This guy's a real fruitcake, but he's well-intentioned enough as far as I can make out. If he's willing to pay stowage for his animals and he doesn't cause a fuss with the other passengers he's welcome on board. I'd be keeping an eye on him, though.

Phi, jester-assassin-robot.
She's a mite dangerous for my tastes. Lot's of bodies to her name, and I wouldn't want to spend too much time around her in case she decides I'm in her way or what-have-you. Not someone I'd want on my crawler.

V.I.C.T.O.R., cowboy robot.
Another well-intentioned weirdo. I recall seeing him booking it one time, and he left a couple of cars eating his dust, he'd run rings around the crawler, but I guess maybe he might want a lift to save his batteries or whatever? He's as trustworthy as anyone else out there (and a lot more than some), so if he can pay for his ride I'd take him on board.

David 'Profit' Wiles, ginger.
They say that anyone who makes his living fighting off raiders can't be entirely bad.
'They' say a lot of dumb things, but I think in the case of this kid they might be right by chance. He's got a lot of notches on his gun-belt, but as far as I've heard not a single one of 'em didn't have it coming. If he needs a lift I'll take his money no problem.

Bob Kilpatrick, peripatetic labourer.
I liked Bob even before the little incident with the boarders; he's an honest man, a good customer, and he never made a fuss. Now I'm proud to have him ride for free whenever he likes. First class, of course.

Magnus Wang, horse-hung exiled barbarian.
Not too familiar with this fella, but from what I've heard he was kicked out of his tribe for some reason? Barbarians can be a little odd with their traditions and such, so maybe he's a murdering rapist, or maybe he drank from the wrong goblet or something. I ain't heard any bad about him, though, so I guess he's as welcome aboard as anyone else.

The Nymphs, cannibal mutant thots.
If I ever have the misfortune to lay eyes on these bitches, I hope I've got my gun on me at the time. Better yet; if I'm at the helm of the crawler I can do the world a favour and return 'em to the Earth beneath a couple of thousand tons of steel.

Kara Ramirez, best damn cook in the wastes.
Kara's cooking is the reason I tend to linger for a day or so whenever I swing by Goldacres. I don't generally have much time to cook and such, so I tend to eat stuff straight out of the can, maybe warm it up on the radiators first if I can, so I appreciate a home-cooked meal maybe more than most. Kara's cooking, though, well that's something else. Even if I had no other reason to go to Goldacres, I think I'd still drop by every now and then. Hell, I even make sure to wash up good and well and put on some clean clothes before I sit down to eat at her table. If she ever wants a lift I'd happily take some of her cooking as payment.

C.C.A.M.U. / Amu, T.V.-headed airship cruise director.
Never met her myself, but I hear she's quite a bitch. Still, I never made good manners a necessity for riding on the crawler. If she wants a ride she can buy one just like anyone else. If she starts shit with the other passengers I'll kick her off just like anyone else, too, though.

Samson, four-armed nymph-simp.
Same applies to this freak as to those god-damned nymphs. I'm not an anti-mutite or anything, but someone really ought to do something about these murderous abominations.

Isha, Princess of the Verzon Tribe, hippy barbarian princess.
She seems a little… off, but the wasteland's full of much worse crazies. I guess as long as she doesn't make a big fuss she can buy a lift if she wants one.

Hannah Ossus, delicious brown muscle-waifu mutant.
(Lord have mercy, what's with all these sizzling hot mutant ladies?) Well, she seems like a very lovely young lady, doesn't she? The moment I laid eyes on her I was struck by her charm and personality. The left one's charm and the right one's personality, HA!
Erm, ahem. Sorry. Just my little joke. Of course Miss Ossus is more than welcome to hitch a lift if she likes. I might even be able to swing her a free upgrade, nice young lady like her shouldn't be riding on the roof.

Tuma, fish woman.
Don't really have much of a strong opinion on mutants one way or the other. Some of them are monsters, sure, but some of them are okay. I think this chick is basically alright, or at least I don't think she's gonna flip out and try to kill someone on my crawler, so I guess she can ride if she can afford it. Never hauled a mini-sub before, but with the winch and the arm it shouldn't be too much of a problem to get stowed.

Nikto, very tired wandering warrior.
Quiet young fella, keeps to himself, but very handy in a fight if he has to. In other words, just about the perfect passenger.

H0P3, robot doctor,
That is one fancy robot. Does just about everything but sort your baseball cards. Wouldn't piss on you if you were on fire unless you can pay her fees though. Still, if she wants to spend some of that cash on a first-class cabin I'd be very happy to take it off of her.

Sage, escaped experiment.
Well that's just plain terrifying. I only heard rumours about this one, but everything I've heard tells me she could take apart a small army single-handed. I don't think she's got too much blood on her hands as of yet, but until and unless I learn a little more about her I think it's only sensible if maybe I don't take her on board for now.

Yuki Kikuchi, Japanese cyberneticist.
Japan, huh? Yeah, I've heard of that; samurais, anime, sushi. Japan.
She seems okay. A little much, maybe; a little of her goes a long way, if you know what I mean, but basically fine. I think maybe I might have a shot if I play my cards right. Don't mind telling you it's been a while.

Dr. Remilia Rochefort, talented physician.
Another doctor, huh? Always happy to have one on board. If she's half as good as Doc Crane I think she could be one of my favourite passengers.

Quinn Chase, pretty-boy gang-boss.
I said it before and I'll say it again, I don't let gang types on board. This guy seems so far up his own ass he can practically see his own tonsils anyway, so it's no great loss.

Alexander S. Luthor, ambitious politician.
Can't imagine that this guy would ever want to ride on public transport, even first class. This fella wants to be president of the green zone in the not-to-distant future so if he doesn't have his own transport and diver I'll eat my own tool-belt. Still, if he ever did decide to put on his man-of-the-people act and ride with the working classes I'll take his money as much as anyone else's. Might even be good advertising for the crawler.

Chloe, little girl with a big weapon.
Poor little mite, all alone in the world. That thing on her arm might keep her safe, but it's no substitute for a mommy and daddy to take care of her. I don't usually let anyone ride for free for any reason, but I'd be very tempted to just let her 'stow away' if she wanted a ride. Guess I just have a soft-spot for kids.

Billy Kido, well-dressed wasteland samurai.
A fancy suit and an even fancier sword. Not sure about this fella. He's deadly dangerous, that's plain to anyone with eyes to see, Is he trustworthy? That remains to be seen. I guess if he turns out not to be some blood-crazed maniac in love with his own ability to spread death and destruction I'd let him buy a lift just like anyone else.

Ultra Magnus, armoured warrior seeking righteous vengeance.
A big guy with plenty of kills to his name, but he seems like one of the good ones. Probably have to charge him stowage for that big ol' suit of power-armour, though. Wasn't there someone else from up north called 'Magnus'?

Heli Matharom, flamethrower-halberd wielding mercenary.
A pretty girl who can handle herself in a fight? Very nice! Not sure about that weird weapon of hers; seems like the sort of thing that'd pose as much danger to the user as to anyone she's fighting, but I guess she knows her business. She's welcome aboard any time!

Nick, wasteland martial artist.
Another one who acts pretty full of himself, but he doesn't seem like one of the psychos, so if he wants to pay his fare I'll take him wherever he wants to go.

Georgia Dolittle and Bob, woman and horrible mutant foetus double act.
Kind of weird; a young woman in her condition wandering around the wastes with a menagerie of animals in tow. Still, she seems nice enough, and if she's willing to pay stowage on all those critters I'm willing to take 'em.

Lance, radio host and self-appointed narrator.
Oh yeah, this guy! I love listening in to his show! No idea how true the stuff he talks about is, but he's mentioned me (or the crawler, anyway) once or twice and he gave a fairly good account of what went down, so I guess he's as trustworthy as any other source of news in the wastes. If he ever wants a lift I'm more than happy to sell him a ticket.

The Crew of The Argo, airborne exploratory expedition.
There's plenty of strange stuff in the wastes, but this is way up there; bunch of weirdos in uniforms buzzing around in a big ol' airship, asking all kinds of personal questions. Won't tell anyone where they come from or what they're after. They haven't caused any real trouble with anyone who didn't throw the first punch so far, so I guess they'd be welcome if they wanted to buy a ride for some reason. Might even work out a group discount.

Calliope, Rocker of the Ruins, musical raider.
A psycho with a 'fun' gimmick is still a psycho. If she comes within range I'm shooting on sight.

Maya Liang, mutant cyborg and bunker exile.
Yeah, I feel a little sorry for this poor kid, but I ain't having her on the crawler; she's just too dangerous without enough self-control.

Dimir Leksirei, cybernetics expert.
I… guess this guy is kind of a doctor? He seems a little creepy, if I'm being brutally honest, but I don't think he's the type to make the kind of trouble I have to worry about from passengers, so his money's as good as the next man's as far as I'm concerned.