Blind Date by writer number six

>oh god i can't wait!
>my friend set me up with a blind date! 
>he set me up with this guy.
>he says he wants to go to a Denny's
>thank god, no where fancy
oh damn he's almost here!
i text him: I'm at the booth in the back! table 12!
shit was the exclamation mark too much?
oh he's here!
oh no, it just, some snake dude... he's cute thought, wish i was on a date with him
oh! he texted back: I'm here!
ok so he is ok with the exclamation marks because he used one himself, we're good, i think...
>ok, ok, calm down, you see the booth, just, walk towards him
>wait is he..?
wait, is he?
>A HUMAN?
A SNAKE?
>"o-oh.... hi?" im way taller than him by way too much this is uncomfortable, and he's staring at me
oh no I'm starting
"h-hi..." i awkwardly wave at him and look away
>when i said i wanted to "get out of my comfort zone" i didn't mean set me up with the only human you know! i meant, like, a water monitor or something
>god damn it Jason why do i trust you for anything?
>my tongue starts flickering, stupid snake genetics with stupid obvious nervous tics!
he's so hot, and I'm sweating so much lord help me, when i said i liked tall men this is not what i meant, i should have specified human...
god damn it Jason why do i trust you for anything?
also what's with that tongue? is he just hungry?
>now he won't look at me? are all humans like this?
>"so... I'm Zach, how are you?" 
i look back "I'm- my name is fine- I MEan my name is anon, and I'm fine, thanks."
Jesus fuck get it together
I make a stupid smile
>i laugh a little "that good to hear." i smile softly back to anon
>i'm glad he's nervous too, whew
I'm glad he doesn't hate me, why would he, we just met? im feeling better now
"I've never gone out with a snake before!"
>eeugh, bad vibes
i see his face change a bit, shit, that came out wrong
"n-no, i mean, because you have those cool..." i getter towards the sides of my head
>"it's called a hood" please stop talking, or change the subject
"y-yeah, and y-you can fit a lot in that neck, r-right?"
uh oh
there's a mix of offense and embarrassment on his face
>did he just call me fat, or a slut?
>i grab a menu and pretend I'm looking at something
oh shit what did i just do?
thank god the waitress is here
>"uh, I'll get a... Pepsi, uhhh diet?" now I'm self conscious, and i hate diet, so, so much
"I'll get a water?"
i look at him, he's still behind the menu
kill me now
"we're not ready to order, thanks"
>oh god, that pause, he looked at me to see if I'm ready didn't he?
>augh, i could put out a fire with my tongue flailing like this
>oof, maybe i should fake a hernia or something? say that snakes get them easily? no that's stupid, or-
"hey, I'm, sorry about what i said earlier, all of it, i didn't mean to offend you or anything..."
>"oh, yeah, that's alright" i put down the menu
"i just wanted to say that.." i take a deep breath, time to toss my hail mary
"i've just never been on a date with someone so captivatingly handsome, before, that's what I was trying to say" i try to act cool, but my face is quickly reddening, and and i don't hope that landed.
>if i could blush i would be redder than him right now
>"uh, i, wow, thanks, no one has ever said that to me..."
>"and, you.... sorry I'm not a romantic"
"it's ok, Zach, was it?"
>"y-yeah"
>we sit in silence, before blueing at the same time
"um-"
>"so-"
>"sorry, you go first"
i forgot what i was gonna say "no, it's ok, you go"
>"did you maybe wanna...?" i resist the urge to flicker my tongue furiously "wanna take our food and go somewhere else?"
i smile at him, he's got me "i would love to,and, i forgot what i was gonna say"
he laughs, but I'm a good way this time!
the waitress is here again
"oh, yeah I'll get the veggie omelet, to go"
>"and I'll get the lumberjack breakfast, to go as well"
we get up to leave and i look up at this snake man and remember how tall he is.
hubba hubba
oh no I'm staring again
"oh, sorry for staring! i just-"
>"was to captivatingly handsome? isn't that what you said?"
"uh- um, yeah!"
>what a dork
>maybe I will use this neck for this man

The End.