The teleportation device shined brightly as it activated, bringing
someone aboard the spaceship.

“Phew! I'm done with today's performance!”

The luminescent particles generated by the device dissipated,
revealing the appearance of a girl with cerulean hairs and a pair of
golden antennae. Her white and blue dress was visibly stained with
sweat after her last live concert. Indeed, this girl is none other
than the famous alien idol princess: Jelly Hoshiumi.

“Alice, I'm going to take a bath. Route the ship towards the next
destination!”

The girl's furry assistant silently looked at her while she instructed
the ship's computer, following her as Jelly got ready to freshen
herself.

It wasn't long after Jelly entered her bath that the ship's
communication system received a distress signal. As the alarm bleared
throughout the ship, the idol princess stormed the command room still
in her azure bathrobe.

“Alice, identify the source of the signal!”

The white creature didn't speak a word as she commanded the ship to
trace the origin of the signal. After a few seconds, the scanner
revealed the coordinates of a dwarf planet not too far from their
position.

“Let's head there; I'm going to get changed.”

The ship began her travel as Jelly got ready for the landing.

The planet's surface was for the most part barren: despite the
atmosphere allowed Jelly and Alice to breath, no vegetation or fauna
could be seen anywhere, except for some patches of short golden grass
and some rare empty bush.

Thanks to the ship's computer, the team could land close to the source
of the S.O.S.: the debris of a safety shuttle could be seen scattered
all over, yet the computer and energy generator were still working.

“Hmm, these shuttles are used on certain ferry ships for emergencies…
something bad must've happened and only one shuttle could be
launched. This place is a wreckage, but there should be survivors: the
computer has all we need to know!”

Jelly was speaking to Alice as she examined the shuttle's systems,
revealing a note left by one of the stranded people telling they would
beging marching northwest.

“Guess that's our only lead. Be careful, Alice! Though at least it's
easy to spot unusual things on this flat terrain!”

After about thirty minutes of walking northwest, a mysterious building
could be seen in the distance.

“A building! Hopefully that's where those people went to!”

I took another fourty minutes to finally reach the destination: a tall
castle made of a blue-purple stone, with three towers and thick walls
all around it. There was no moat, but the large portal made of grey
wood-like material was closed shut. As the two girls circled the
perimeter to find an entrance, they discovered a broken door near one
of the towers.

“I suppose this is the only way in…”

Armed with a flashlight and a stun gun, Jelly and Alice entered the
manor.

The dark and narrow corridor behind the door continued for a short
while and  then, despite leading deep inside the castle, it ended on
stairs leading down. The passage allowed only one person to pass
through, so  the two girls slowly descended while Alice, staying
behind Jelly, made sure nothing would surprise them from the back.

Finally, the two reached the end of the stairs and entered a large
hall. There, a thick wall made of glass completely blocked the way
making it impossible to go further, despite an open door on the other
end of the room, being visible through the clear crystal.

“Looks like there is no way through…”

Jelly examined the glass in all its length, but she could not find
anything that could let them through; the only thing that could
provide any hints was a terminal-like structure standing in front of
the transparent wall.

Jelly approached it, trying to make sense of it: she touched the light
green slab on top of it; she passed her hand throughout the whole
pillar searching for a switch; she tried speaking to it; all with no
avail.

“Kyaaaah!”

Jelly suddenly screamed and jumped away from the artifact. She first
looked up, towards the tall ceiling, then down to the floor in front
of the object, noticing a yellow-ish puddle on the ground.

“Eww… that thing got on me… Hopefully it's just dirty water… Alice,
prepare a first-aid kit! And an umbrella.”

The fluffy creature took from under her fur a small red purse and a
light pink umbrella, which she opened and kept above Jelly's head as
the girl kept examining the pillar.

The blue girl had resolved herself to try everything in her power once
again, but this time the terminal lightened up after she placed her
hand on top of the smooth green slab.

“Ah-ha! See? I'm a genius after all!”

A number of lines and figures darted across the screen, until they
settled to display a grid of sort. Jelly started operating the
terminal in an attempt to me it do something useful, but again nothing
seemed to work until she managed to drag an item shaped like a
rectangle on top of the grid.

Immediately after dropping the item, a machine appeared within the
space enclosed by the glass wall.

“W-what happened…? What is that?”

Immediately Jelly darted away from the terminal to better examine the
machinery that suddenly appeared from thin air.

“Is that… no way… that's a conveyor belt!”

I was then that she noticed the large tube coming from the ceiling and
the hole in one of the farthest corners. Jelly dashed back towards the
terminal and checked the grid once again: indeed, the tube snd the
hole where marked on the grid and their position relative to the belt
was the same.

“It's a puzzle…”

She breathed out barely containing her excitement, making little jumps
that splashed the yellow puddle under her all around.

“Oh, eww… I forgot about it… let's get over it fast, I want to clean
myself… and we also have people to rescue, yes!”

Feeling Alice's stare, Jelly calmed down and began solving the
puzzle. After hacking around the interface a bit, she managed to
understand the basic controls: how to add and remove machines; what
each device do; the goal of the puzzle.

Thanks to her countless hours of practice, it was a piece of cake for
Jelly to solve the enigma. Once the large ball descended from the tube
and was brought inside the hole through a combination of carefully
placed machinery, a panel appeared in the terminal screen showing a
number of graphs accompained by some unknown runes. Jelly could not
understand the mysteryous characters, but instinctively knew it was
something positive and she started jumping with glee once again.

As she dismissed the panel, a passage opened near them, allowing
access to the other side of the room by walking under the encased
section.

Moving to the next room, they are presented a scene similar to what
they just passed through: another wall of clear glass, another
terminal, another tube.

“Looks like we're going to solve a few puzzles, huh?!”

Jelly remarked sarcastically as she cracked her knuckles. After all,
these puzzles were her bread and butter.

The two smoothly progressed through the rooms, but on her fifth puzzle
the panel warned Jelly through an arrow placed on top of one of the
graphs, that her solution could be improved.

Jelly could not believe her eyes: how could her solution not be the
best? She spent several minutes looking at her solution and then she
removed a few machines from the board. The physical objects suddenly
vanished as if they were pulverized and the passage towards the exit
closed.

The girl rearranged the devices multiple times but the panel always
pointed at a faster solution. After a while, Alice had to shake the
distressed girl away from the screen.

“The people. Right. We must rescue them.”

The two entered the next room, greeted once again by a puzzle.

“Gee, how many rooms are there? Hopefully this one is easier! Right,
Alice?”

She turned towards the direction her furry friend was supposed to be,
but she was met with emptiness. What's more, where a door was supposed
to be, there was only a wall.

Panicking, Jelly began running all over the room searching for her
assistant or for an exit, but she was trapped, alone.

Her eyes fixed on the now familiar terminal: there must be something
at the end of these puzzles, she thought. The girl touched the screen
and began placing machines in order to make way towards the next room.

The panel once again indicated the existence of a better solution, but
Jelly ignored it. She had to rescue people, find Alice and get out of
there as soon as possible.

Once again, upon entering the next room she found herself trapped; the
only way out being solving the puzzle and moving forward.

Jelly began wondering if, maybe, there was no ecit at all, if she was
trapped there condemned to solve puzzles until she dies of starvation,
in a sadistic game concocted by an alien race that might not even
exist anymore.

She steeled her resolve, reassuring herself that it really is the end
if you stop moving forward, but this thought had planted itself in a
corner of her mind and this apparently affected her body too, as she
began to feel something uncomfortable on her skin, like she had goosebumps.

She paid her discomfort no mind and started operating the
terminal. Once again, her solution was not the best, but she ignored
the panel entirely and moved on towards the door.

As she emerged from the passage, her discomfort began to grow. From
simple goosebumps she bagan to have shivers and she started to feel
something crawling on her arms.

Hastly, she rolled up her sleeves, but there was nothing in there. She
examined her clothes again, just in case, but everything was in the
norm. As she dressed up again, the feeling had disappeared.

“This is stressing me out too much…”

Jelly took a few deep breaths and entered the next room.

Again, the room had another puzzle and again the door had
disappeared. Jelly almost despaired again, but she kept her resolve as
she noticed the puzzles had become progressively more difficult to
solve. Certainly, this means she is actually progressing, she thought.

The puzzle solution was hastly made and the panel even showed that it
was one of the worst. Jelly ignored it completely and started walking
through the passage.

Suddenly, just as she was reaching the exit, the weird feeling on her
skin came back, stronger and it began to spread all over her body.

It was like something was gently touching every spot of her pale skin
as it spreaded, crawling playfully, almost a pleasuring and relaxing massage.

“Nha…!”

A little moan escaped her lips as the feeling quickly made way towards
her armpits.

“W-wait… w-what is… going on?”

She began to grow weak as the feeling of pleasure shot through every
nerve of her body.

“Ah…! Ahhh”

Her moans grew louder when the feeling reached her breasts and her
nipples; finally, she collapsed on her knees as her little tender
pussy and her clit were being stimulated.

With all the strenght she could muster while being attacked all over,
she reached for one of her sleeves and pulled it up a bit: the
entirety of her clothes were covered by small creatures rensembling a
tongue, frantically wiggling around.

Despite her disgust, Jelly could not hold it anymore. With a muffled
scream, all her muscles contracted as she experienced an orgasm from
all her erogenous zones.

Jelly stayed on the floor for several minutes while recovering from
the sudden orgasm. Once she could move again, she carefully looked at
her clothes, but there were no traces of the wiggling monsters left,
as if they never existed.

Not keen on going around an unexplored area completely naked, she
moved to the next room. As long as it's sexual harassment she can take
it, the girl thought.

As usual, the room had a puzzle and once again Jelly solved it
hastly, without considering the best solution. As she reached the
exit, the weird feeling began again.

“This can't be a coincidence…”

Alarmed by the peculiar timing, Jelly walked back towards the
terminal. As she exited the passage the feeling stopped. She tried to
reach for the door again and it came back, confirming her hypothesis:
the feeling was connected in one way or another with the puzzle.

She examined the terminal again seeking hints, but she couldn't find
anything, so she moved on, enduring the forced pleasure.

She quickly passed through several rooms, the feeling growing stronger
every time and bringing her to climax three more times.

Unlike the previous rooms, this one had a new panel on its
terminal. While she could still not understand what the symbols mean,
she recognized them as numbers as she saw them used in the graphs at
the end of a puzzle.

Relieved that she might be near the end, she solved the puzzle and
walked through the usual tunnel.

“Ngh!”

Jelly had readied herself for the incoming rush of pleasure, but
nothing happened. In fact, even the light touching she brought over
from the previous room disappeared.

Confused, she returned to the terminal and checked the panel: there
was no arrow, her solution was the best possible.

Slowly, she reset the puzzle and completed it with a slightly worse
solution. As she reached the door, the crawling came back. She
experimented a few times with progressively worse solutions,
discovering that the feeling grew stronger the worse she performed and
that an optimal solution would reset everything.

Delighted to have cracked the code, she absentmindedly solved the
puzzle with an abismally low score; I can just reset it after all, she
thought.

As she took a few steps toward the exit, her body was
assaulted. Hundreds and hundreds of little tongues began licking all
over her body. Not a single spot her clothes could reach, was left
alone.

From her forearms, immediately towards her shoulders and her
armpits; then down her back and her chest, down to her tummy; her
small but supple breasts were licked all over their volume and her
pink nipples had become so hard that they could be seen from outside,
as if they were growing to bask in even more licking. It kept going
down her buttcheeks and her legs, until it reached her feet: all the
little tongues pleasuring Jelly little toes, making her feel something
she never felt before.

Finally, it reached her pussy and her puckered
little asshole. Her lower lips and her clit were carefully serviced to
ensure not a single spot was left alone.

This happened so fast Jelly did not even realize what happened: all
she could do was cum as she reached the climax in the span of a
second.

Barely conscious, Jelly started pinching her nipples and stroking her
sopping wet pussy as she was having multiple orgasms one after the
other, subconsciously trying to make the moment last longer.

Eventually, the pleasure subsided and she stopped cumming repeatedly.

Completely spent, Jelly sprawled herself on the ground, trying to
catch her breath and recover from the sudden climax. After a while,
she managed to get up and enter the next room.

This room had the numbered panel too and it displayed different
symbols, hinting that, truly, she was actually going somewhere and not
looping forever.

Like the previous room, the girl managed to solve the puzzle with an
optimal solution, yet, when she reached for the door, she felt
something strange, like she was forgetting something.

Confused, she checked the terminal again and everything was in order;
reaching for the door again didn't cause any strange effect.

The same happened for a few more rooms, every time she would find the
best solution and every time she would feel as if something wasn't
right.

“I must get out of here fast… this place is driving me crazy…”

She muttered to herself as her quivering hand slowly placed one more
conveyor belt than necessary.