Imagine Finana getting caught by the other members of Lazulight getting smeared in draft horse cum. Imagine Pomu and Elira aren't shocked or horrified, they're just pissed off that Finana would be the only one who'd spend the next week smelling like virile equine seed. Imagine them going one stall over and sharing the duties of horsecock worship. And then I see them in the aftermath of the deed, and take pictures. I blackmail the three of them into becoming my sucksluts, even the deeply lesbian Pomu, if they don't want the video on the internet. It doesn't matter, though, because Hoshikawa was behind a hay bale the entire time and demanded into the fucked up relationship where she could get both my dick, and that of the animals in the barn.

***

Imagine this one, then. So, facials, cock worship, exhibition, uniform, are all things she'd really try. Ignore the dislike on bestiality, we all know her tune changes if I exert all that power imbalance on her.
So, I put her in a leash, middle school swimsuit with "whore" written on the nametag, and neko ears. Drag her out on all fours in public, and chain her to the fountain/statue/tree in the middle of the main square. Once there, I have her mounted by a German Shepherd.
Whilst the goodest boy finishes up and gives her the knot, I set up a sign that says "public use fish whore, blowjobs for $1. Bring your own dog, $5." I demonstrate, and ruthlessly pound her throat in until I glue her right eye shut with cum, and get both her cheeks and fringe all messy with jizz. It'll look like something out of the golden age of motherless.
As strangers show up and begin getting an exquisite blowjob from my brat whore of a suckslut, I prepare Pomu and Elira for the exact same thing. I put sexualized prison jumpsuits on the two, handcuffed, and use their slutty bodies to bribe the coppers who might otherwise arrest me. All the while, my dick builds up a massive torrent of semen, and at the end of the workday, I expect to see Finana covered in the seed of half the city. Pomu and Elira will be covered in the seed of every fucking beat cop in the state. I will be millions of dollars more wealthy, and Finana will be marginally more corrected.
I will call out to the plaza whilst the sun sets on a grateful metropolis that a final act is inbound. I drag all three chained whores in front of my bitch-breaker. All three of them will worship my schlong whilst the mangiest stray dogs I can find claim their boxes. As i finally explode a gallon of cum across their desperate visages, they will depose Joe Biden and declare me president FOR LIFE. All the VTubers who owe me sex, which is all of the female ones that don't have the brown debuff, will be my personal harem, including (You)r oshi, who will exclusively wear makeup derived from my freshly milked semen.