Hiding behind the tall statue, probably built to honor some long-gone guardian, an overgrown plague rat peppered the small life-like constructs with crossbow bolts, their tips dripping with a weak yet effective venom. Why, why had Twitch been forced to the rift at this moment? He had just found a perfect piece of cheese and some thrown away meat behind a low grade Piltover restaurant. The smell still lingered in his nose, and the bite mark on his hand still stung from accidentally taking a bite out of it. The plague rat closed his eyes and huffed in delight, at least he tasted good. His positive thoughts cut short however as a bullet bounced off his cover. 

The masked marksman paced back and forth, brimming with confidence as he twirled the gun around his finger. His cold red eye leering out of the ivory mask at Twitch, counting the seconds before the pest’s demise. In front of him was Alistar… “Hey you overgrown cow! Weren’t you on my side last time we were here, why are you with that freak?” The rat yelled from his cover. The minotaur covered his ears to shield from Twitch’s incessant cursing. “I have no control over the matter.” He said, barely dodging a wayward bolt. “And I’m not a cow!” Alistar grabbed a construct and threw it against the tower, making it shake to its very foundation. Stealing the gold the minion carried and dealing the killing blow to another one, Twitch considered the minotaur’s words before remembering a crucial detail. “You smell of roses and flowers and other disgusting things like that. You are without a doubt a cow! Oh, only if your milk came out rotten.” The plague rat cooed as he swirled a cask of venom and threw it at the duo, breaking on impact. “And I’m gonna want that back!” He said, before ducking from another gunshot.

Looking back up towards the base, that gaudy crystal floating serenely at the center, Twitch saw his supposed partner walk back with a slight shame in his step. What a great idea it was to hook the freak and pull himself into the towers range, nearly dying, and forced the rat to bear the ire of the masked man. The plague rat was about to scream at his ‘friend’ to hurry up but a sharp pain in his shoulder shut him up. With a thud the canister landed to his left, crushing the grass and bugs underneath it. “Hey! I said I wanted mine back, not your poor excuse for a venom cask. It doesn’t even break-“ The words wandering from his mind, the plague rat watched as a tower of light pierced the heavens and strike the middle brush before disappearing as fast as it came.

Alistar took advantage of the stunned rat and threw him up into the air, garnering attention from the tower. Twitch chugged those vile tasting healing potions in a panic as he felt his body crash into the ground. He rolled onto his front and began to frantically run away. An attempt destroyed by an enchanted bullet striking his leg, rooting him outside of cover. 

Closing his eyes, the plague rat thought of happier times. Of his home down in the tunnels, the tasty morsels he could find outside of shabby restaurants, and the sweet, searing smell of chemicals rushing through the pipes. He heard the trigger slowly pull back before a piercing whistle broke the freaks concentration. Twitch heard water gushing from behind him and a roar even more powerful than the rallying cry of the cow. Able to move his leg again, the plague rat dared to turn around and saw a giant crocodile dash and slam the masked marksman into a wall. The mountain of green scales pummeling the freak into the dirt. The minotaur pushed the croc away from his ally, but it was too late as the light faded from the freaks red eye. Now alone, his path blocked by a butcher twice his height, Alistar still fought to escape. Trying to trample over his adversary, he found himself growing weaker as the toxins from before seeped deeper. Finally collapsing, defeated by the plague rats’ venom. 

Now that things calmed down, Twitch noted that the crocodile looked strange. He wore protective gear over his eyes like the rat, but besides that everything else seemed to accentuate his physique. The wet tank top tightly hugging the croc’s scaled chest, showing each little indentation and rise of his hard abs, and the shorts barely able to cover his thick thighs. The rat remembered him from the fountain but did not expect to see him so soon. “You alright there little guy?” A confident, yet kind, voice asked.

“Little? I’ll have you know that I’m by far the biggest rat you’re ever gonna see. My brothers and sisters are all so tiny; They can barely nibble through a pipeline like big brother Twitch can.” The plague rat said, shifting between cackling, laughing, and giggling whilst boasting about his teeth. The crocodile shrunk down to his normal size, his muscles still defined through the wet clothing, but now more approachable for the skittish vermin. Taking a careful step closer Twitch could now feel something strong pierce his nostril, a smell coming from the croc. “Oh… What’s this new beautiful aroma?” The rat’s words came out muffled as he pressed into the wet fabric.  Distracted by the smell of chemicals and sweat, the vermin did not take note when the croc leaned down to face him. “I’ll take that as my thanks then Twitch.” He said allowing the rat to clamber atop his back. “Wait, how do you know my name?!” Twitch asked, jumping down from the back in a panic. A bellowing laugh escaped from the croc, forcing his maw open and showing his knife sharp teeth. “You said it before, rat pack. The name’s Renekton, but you can call me Rene as my buddies do.” The guard forced out between laughs. 

Chains rattling with each step, the chain warden finally arrived at the sight, collecting the souls of the fallen victims of the fight. “My due thanks for assisting us,” a wispy voice penetrated the air around them, “this scared mouse didn’t agree to my plans and left us both at a disadvantage. At least we have a butcher to rely on, even if I do regret not hearing them fall before me.” The warden said, motioning to the plague rat to gather himself and take advantage of the situation. Still enamored by the sweet smell from the croc beside him, Twitch found it hard to pull his focus into dealing with the constructs. Still on the clock, Renekton started to wander off into the river. After an agonizing half second, Twitch jumped back up onto the crocodile’s back, perching atop his shoulder. “No, I don’t’ think so, this guy here is a much better assistant than you could be. He even made right your failure!” The plague rat said, trying to agitate the warden. A small smile creeping up the sides of his maw, Renekton started running deeper into the forest. 

Despite hearing the wardens scream, a tension was released from the plague rat’s chest. No longer was he under the watchful eye of that floating head. Sure, he is still stuck in the arena until that big crystal is destroyed, but it was liberating to be free from that line if grass, to wander as he wanted. Past the dragon’s pit his ride ran, and Twitch let out a quick sigh of relief. The plague rat did not desire any action, just the calming noises of Rene’s breath and the addicting smell he carried. But instead of running into the safety of their forest, the croc turned towards the enemy’s territory. With a trembling hand, the vermin held onto Renekton’s tanktop as he walked a shaded path. Thunder and lightning roared behind a thick mound; Elements Twitch usually did not have to deal with in his tunnels.

“Get ready.” The croc whispered before dashing around the corner. Behind the mound a creature of wood with a red core on its back and a white bear, his fur covered in azure runes, fought. The red creature stood on its last breath, barely holding itself together while the bear bit down on the bark. The thunderous bear had also taken a beating but not as severely as the animalistic plant. His fur bruised and matted from combat. As the plague rat was stunned in fear of the beast, the butcher he rode on jumped between the two, culling the creature and surprising the bear. “Little guy, I think I see a free meal here!” The crocodile said with a cocky grin, stunning the bear before he could even shout for help.

With the element of surprise and numbers on their side, Twitch and Renekton brought the bear low. Unable to stand, he held himself up on a shaky fist and glared at his attackers. “I am Vahlir, the Volibear, god of the wilds. You dare approach me with trickery and venom instead of honest combat!” The bear said trying to sound imposing, electricity rolling through his fur to match his rancor. Even beaten and standing beneath his heels, this Volibear made Twitch shiver in place. The commanding aura and deep voice would demand any man to bend his knee. “I swear, I’ll hunt you down and let the wild overtake you!” Vahlir said, forcing himself to stand on one leg. Sensing the beast’s threat was over, Renekton tapped the plague rat’s side and brought him out of his stupor. With one well placed bolt, the bear fell, his massive body making the ground shake is it hit the forest floor.

The duo continued to wander the forest, defeating the smaller camps of wild beasts for their gold. The crocodile took steadfast steps, as soon as one spot was cleared he moved onto the next, not giving the bear any chance to gain back his loss. Twitch on the other hand, trembled atop his perch. Volibear was out to get him. The thunder beast’s rolling rage could be heard across the rift as he tried in vain to find his targets, the claps making the rat’s grip hold on tighter on Renektons shoulder.

 “If you’re not careful yer gonna make me bleed, and then he’ll find ya.” The crocodile said with a glimmer in his eye. Twitch, feigning bravery in front of his steadfast friend, let go with hesitation. “Well Rene, I just wanted to make sure that you’re alright. Seeing as without me you’re prime for the picking for that beast.” He said, forcing a laugh out from his tense chest. “Now don’t you worry about that.” Renekton said slamming a fist into his pecs. “These scales can hold back a tsunami, and that poor bastards’ teeth couldn’t even break bark.” Looking over his shoulder, the plague rat hummed in understanding. Volibear was bound to show up, it was just a manner of time before lightning struck in their paths. Stopping dead in his tracks, Renekton watched from the brushes as the chain warden faced trouble against Alistar and his masked marksman. “You afraid of those two?” The crocodile asked, readying his weapon. “What!? No! That freak couldn’t even hit me if he wanted to! And, ergh, even in death that cow smells of roses.” The rat yelled back, nearly destroying his camouflage. “These guys are weaklings!” Happy to see the plague rat back to his usual self, a smile spread across the reptile’s maw. Patting Twitch’s back, Renekton took a deep breath and placed his whistle in his mouth. “Then let’s get you strong rat pack.” He said, before blowing his whistle and charging into the fight, Twitch sneaking up behind them.

After defeating Alistar and the freak in a fight, the sewer duo, as Twitch called them, destroyed the first tower guarding the enemies base. Free to roam the bottom part of the forest as they pleased, they forced Volibear out of the jungle. He could have fought for his right place, as a god of the wild, but with the reptile being attached to Twitch he still feared the same humiliation again. With the aid of a celestial dragon on their side, the two of them defeated the Minotaur and his lackey and forced Renekton’s brother on the topside of the rift to play passively. But after some verbal harassment from the dragon that Renekton could help but to laugh at, the reptile called him away and took Twitch of his shoulder. This was a fight he had to do on his own he said, “Needed to put his brother in his place.” Twitch nodded in understanding and left his scaled friend to deal with the canine. “Would have expected his brother to be a croc like him, but no matter.” He mumbled as he walked deeper into their forest.

The blade on his back rattling as he wandered past the beetle like rocks. It is a strange site indeed for a marksman like Twitch to carry a sword, but the arena is strange. This blade of an old monarch is magical, infusing his weapon with vitality stealing properties. At least it was easier to rip the string of the purple bow and add it to his own crossbow. The horror the shopkeep had when the plague rat ripped the bow in half was priceless.

Ambling past a great oak, the plague rat saw their fire golem resting on burnt tufts of grass. Readying a bolt, Twitch took aim, lining it up with a soft spot between the creature’s bark. When he pulled the trigger, the vermin heard two things, the sound of metal piercing wood, and most frightful of all, the furious roar closing in from behind.  Swiftly turning Twitch saw Volibear run out of a brush on all fours, the azure markings on his body pulsing with rage as electricity coiled around his claws.

Vahlir leaped into the air, seemingly growing as lightning struck him midair, power surging through his markings and white fur as it grew brighter and landed next to Twitch. Electricity shot through his legs as he ran away, halting his escape with light ropes. Fixated on the path out, the rat did not notice the shadow creeping over him, or the fists smashing into his back. Forced to the ground and air pushed out of his lungs, Twitch struggled as the bear’s paws held him in place. “You’ve taunted me for too long rat, and without that butcher you’re nothing! Feel the might of the wild!” Volibear shouted, lunging to bite the rat’s neck.

Instinctively Twitch took a poison cask around his belt, crushing it in his hand and sacrificing it by shoving it into Vahlir’s mouth. The viscous, vile, noxious substance made Volibear recoil. Freed from his clawed prison, the plague rat pulled his sword slightly out of its scabbard creating coils around the bear, ripping his vitality away from him before being sent into Twitch. His wounds healed; the rat ran into a bush while loading his crossbow. Before Vahlir could recover one, two, three, four bolts pierced his hardened skin, the tips’ venom seeping into his system. Feeling his body weakening, the bear decided to tactfully retreat. The rat had already run away, his honor would not be lost. While limping back towards the river bush something hit his back, forcing him down on all fours.

“Going somewhere?” The plague rat asked, a smirk spread around his muzzle as the hunter turns into the hunted. Volibear growled, sparks flowing from his fur as anger boiled inside him. Noticing that the bear was about to speak, Twitch stepped on his back and forced him face down into the dirt. “Let me go!” Vahlir demanded, his voice muffled by the grass surrounding him. Bringing a hand to his chin, he hummed and hawed theatrically while placing his crossbow to the side. “No. I don’t think so.” The rat responded, unbuckling his shoulder strap. “From the way I see it, you wouldn’t have given me the mercy back there. At least your breath smells nice now, couldn’t stand that nature thing you got.” Each sentence the rat spoke was accompanied with another article of his clothing falling beside Volibear. Forcing his eyes up, Vahlir saw how ragged his opponent looked. The rat was thin, small, yet underneath his grey fur his muscles were defined. He was not close to the strength of the gods, but a weakened spirit fails the body. “You think way too highly of yourself, and you look fitting like this. Bowing beneath your king.” Twitch said, taking off his googles last, letting them fall into the pile of clothes to the side of him. Letting his foot go off Volibear’s neck, the bear rose, supporting himself with his arms. “Nonsense.” Vahlir coughed, “You’re barely fit to survive the Vorrijaard, you are not fit to be my king.”

Twitch’s nearly nude form stepped in closer, the bears head high enough to breathe in the earthy scent of the rat’s chest. Gingerly taking a hold of Volibear’s lower jaw, the plague rat laughed at the still defiant ‘god’. Twitch’s blood flowed downwards, to see a powerful being lay low in front of him, done by his own hand, was… Exciting. Before long, the loincloth covering the last piece of his decency gave in to carnality, pushed away by the continually growing member until it bobbed in time with the beat of Twitch’s heart. His phallus extending far beyond the petite size Volibear expected, instinctually making the bear swallow. “Wanna bet?” The plague rat asked, gently opening Vahlir’s maw.

Volibear shut his jaws, nearly biting the plague rat’s hand. He would not succumb to the victors… No, the cheaters demand. Watching the beaten bear fight back sparked a euphoric joy Twitch had missed. “Still got some fight in you, huh? Let us see how long you last.” The rat said stroking his pulsing cock, forcing a bead of pre to form at the tip. Placing his other hand at the top of the thunder bears head, pushing it down. Volibear could not muster up the strength to fight back, the venom still coursing through his body. The rodent’s dick seemed even bigger up close, the member curving downwards being too heavy to support itself. Beneath it rested a fur covered, full, sack. Each ball the size of Vahlir’s nose. Twitch slapped Voli out of his daze with a swing of his cock. “Hey! Eyes up here.” Twitch said, smearing pre across Vahlir’s fur. In a blind rage, Volibear opened his maw to proclaim that a god would not fall this easily. The moment the plague rat waited for. Before the first syllable escaped his Voli’s maw, Twitch shoved his dick inside the wet mouth. 
Eyes bulging out in shock, Vahlir tried to pull back, spit the salty, sour, and sweet cock out of his mouth. But there was a force behind his ears stopping his retreat. The plague rat’s clawed fingers held the bear in place, the pointed tips narrowly piercing Voli’s skin. Twitch held him there, closing his eyes and sighing, as the bears tongue trashed around his member. A lecherous smile spread across the rat’s jaw, the desire for more seeping slowly into his mind. Moving his hips, slowly pushing further into Voli’s maw, Twitch groaned as his member closed in on Vahlir’s throat. Voli tried to cough around the intrusive shaft, his body not used to be used in such a manner. Annoyed, the plague rat exhaled and pulled his dick out. Volibear took the freedom to violently cough, to expel the lingering taste from his tongue.

The bear slowly recovered, involuntarily gasping in Twitch’s musk and earthy scent. Drowsily lifting his head, Volibear saw how merely a quarter of shaft in front of him shone with his spit, and above that were the hungry pink eyes of a rat. “Are you gonna finish that?” Twitch asked, taunting the bear beneath him, and brushing his member against his lips. With his addled mind, Volibear lolled his tongue out and began to lap at the head, tasting the sour, yet intoxicating, pre generously flowing from the rat’s sack. Gingerly Volibear explored Twitch’s dick, feeling the warmth radiate from it with each beat of his heart. Sneaking his tongue underneath the foreskin, sampling the concentrated flavor held underneath. Following the length down to its base, closer to the source of that heady smell. Lapping the rat’s sack free from sweat before taking one into his maw. While servicing Twitch, the rat patted Voli’s head and moaned as stimulation rocketed up his spine.

“Heh, where’s all that fight gone? I’m beginning to think that you’re not a god, but rather a cock hungry bastard.” Twitch said, pulling his length away from a sloppy kiss. “Tell me, how many men have you served before?” The fog over Volibear’s mind was deep, his ursine nose addicted to the plague rat’s musk, his carnivore instincts craving the meat taken away from him. Twitch repeated the question, punctuating it with a jet of pre launching from his tip. The mist dissipating, Volibear cleared his throat. “None. Everyone serves the gods of the wild.” Vahlir said, pride hidden in his voice. A slight chuckle came from Twitch, his smile growing wider until his tongue hanged out lecherously. “Says the eager bear, drooling at the sight of a dirty, plague rat, cock.” Twitch swayed his erection side to side, enticing the bear to follow its movements before finally stopping above his nose. “You’re gonna swallow to the base. If I as much as feel your fangs touch it. Well, then we are doing it raw. Are. We. Clear?” Twitch said, each word punctuated with a slap of his dick. Even as sobriety took hold, the back of Volibears mind wanted it. He was a god after all, and what a poor excuse he would be if this rat bested him. “Ye-yes.” Vahlir meekly said, letting Twitch place his dick inside Volibear’s maw, before enveloping it once more.

Closing his eyes, Vahlir awaited the rat’s eagerness to take hold. Yet, Twitch did not budge. He was content watching the god suckle his length, filling his mouth with pre, for the moment. More and more shot out, the sour, exhilarating essence sending a shiver down Vahlir’s spine. Before long he swallowed, letting the virile seed flow down his gullet, making the rat groan from the pressure. Shyly, Volibear bobbed his head up and down Twitch’s length, covering it with a fresh coat of saliva each time. He yearned for more. Bracing himself against the plague rat’s legs, he dove in deeper. Taking half the vermin’s cock in one go, and suppressing his gag reflex, as it entered his throat.

Panic sept into Vahlir’s mind, the thick member clogging the flow of air. Quick, or at least as quick as and addled spirit can be, he forgone breathing through his maw and turned to focus on his nose, each respiration filled with Twitch’s alluring musk. The taste of which grew stronger with each bob inching closer to the base. The plague rat on the other hand took delight in watching panic sweep over the god, if only for a moment. The sight of drool slobbering down Voli’s maw. The exhilarating jolts when the bear swallowed, his throat contracting around Twitch’s erection, massaging the sensitive tip with his absentminded groans. And the shifting tide of warmth and cold. It all made Twitch’s hair stand on end, his legs shaking as the sloppy blowjob slickened his dick. His half-lidded eyes hazed with pleasure and open maw groaning, cursing how good it felt, turned impish as his clawed fingers gripped Volibear’s head.

With his length inside Vahlir’s gullet, Twitch jumped onto the bears shoulders. Due to the pressure on his upper jaw, and fearing the vermin’s earlier threat, Volibear forced himself to stand up on his knees, his hands tightly gripping Twitch’s thighs as he balanced both the eager vermin, and his raging erection. He was too busy savoring the now divine sap to take heed. But now, painfully aware of his own arousal, shame rooted itself inside Voli’s core. He was a god, the Relentless Storm. He should not be at the beck and call of a mortal, let alone a rat. Yet here he is. A god of the wilds, his lust burning strong as he savors and longs for another drop of Twitch’s seed. 

Too entangled in his own pleasure, Twitch took no notice of the lonely, hard, cock beneath him. Instead he pulled his length out Voli’s mouth, cold wind biting the scorching blood flowing through it, and breathed out heavily. “Let’s see if this pipe is now wide enough.” The plague rat said, quickly pushing his cock into Vahlir’s gullet. Controlling the pace, Twitch bucked his hips rapidly back and forth, rocking Volibear’s body with each thrust and covering more of his cock with spit. Jolts going up Twitch’s spine as the hole got tighter the further down Voli’s gullet he went. The bears throat having a prominent bulge as Twitch fucked his face.
 
Eventually, after several minutes of wet squelches, a pool had formed beneath them. A mixture of drool, Twitch’s and Volibear’s pre covered the grass beneath them like dew. The aroma of nature had long been replaced by the smell of sex and sweat, the thick haze coming from them fueling their lust to further heights. Hunched over, Twitch groaned heavily, humping Voli’s face with shallow, fast thrusts, a slim portion of his dick still not lubed by Volibear’s spit. Cursing the pleasure he felt, Twitch dragged his length halfway out, the other resting inside Vahlir’s slick gullet. Shivering in euphoria, barely holding himself together, the bear thought it was finally over, feeling both joy and grief at the thought. Yet the rat held onto Voli’s head, and with a thrust carrying the power and speed of a lightning bolt, pierced Voli’s mouth one last time, bottoming out. The impact of which broke Voli’s balance.

With a heavy thud Vahlir crashed onto the ground, shaking the ursine out of his daze. His nose, nestled in grey crotch fur, got assaulted by the smell of sex, Twitch’s musk, and wet fur, an aroma he did not dare admit having grown a fondness for. Above him Twitch laughed. “Where’s that strength you had earlier gone? You can’t even hold yourself up.” He said, moans escaping from Twitch as he pulled his lubed-up cock out of Volibear’s maw. The plague rat’s length hovering just above, Vahlir was in awe over how he managed to swallow it all. Unconsciously, the bear’s tongue lolled out, trying to lap at the throbbing dick. But the rat moved away, untying himself from Voli’s grasp and walked over his tout, strong stomach. “What have we here?” Twitch hummed, crouching down next to Volibear’s own turgid member. A single finger tracing over a sensitive vein, its simple touch forcing a whorish moan out of Voli’s mouth before he could stop himself. “Did you like slobbering over my dick that much?” Twitch asked slyly. “N-no ah.” Volibear attempted to object but moaned as Twitch grabbed his length. A red blush creeping in under Vahlir’s white fur as his labored breathing quickened. “I didn’t.” He protested, the back of his mind hoping, no, craving for Twitch’s touch. Yet his unsaid pleas got ignored as the plague rat let go, jumping off him and instead lifting a leg over his shoulder. “Oof, you’re heavier than I expected. At least you have some cushioning.” Twitch teased, groping a round white cheek producing a muffled yelp out of Voli. The bear twisted his lower back, presenting his ass for the rat. Surprise turned to lust, as Twitch took note of the bear’s willingness. 

“Say it.” Twitch demanded, teasing Volibear by placing his length alongside the bears crack. His conscious mind still clouded by lust and lack of air, Vahlir looked into Twitch’s pink eyes with a confused expression. “You heard me. Say that you want me to screw you, fuck you into a blabbering mess, to mark you with my seed claiming you as mine. I know you want to.” Twitch said grinding against Volibear’s hole. The touch sending a cold shiver of want up the ursine’s spine. A god does not, should not beg. Realigning his cock to push directly into his entrance, Twitch put pressure on it, lightly rocking back and forth. “Just say it.” Twitch melodically whispered, his voice and cock gnawing at the last sense of pride the bear desperately held onto. Finally breaking as Twitch’s tail coiled around Voli’s erection, jerking it off. “Just… Get on with it.” Vahlir said trying to hide the desperation in his voice.

Not letting the bear change his mind, Twitch pressed harder, pushing his length against the tight hole until it finally gave way. Both hissed, Twitch in pleasure as the warm, soft insides hugged and massaged his tip, and Volibear in pain, a fire spreading from the ring to his legs and abdomen. The plague rat did not wait for Vahlir to get accustomed to the size, his burning loins demanded more as Twitch hugged Volibear’s leg and shoved his cock further inside. Vahlir lost his breath, gasping for more as the pain grew. “Ah. Ah, fuck.” Volibear groaned, slamming his fist into the forest floor in an attempt to relax. Twitch’s continued prospect did not stop until half his dick was buried inside the white mounds. 

Small jolts of electricity surged through the rat’s length, stimulating it further than simple heat and velvet soft flesh could manage, forcing him to collect himself. The pink of his iris now showing, Twitch admired his handiwork and the bears resilience. Half in one go was not bad, but what else is there to be expected from a cock hungry bear. Huffing in pleasure yet another bolt shot through his spine, the rat began to gyrate his hips, stretching Voli’s hole and insides. Suddenly, Vahlir let out a small mewl from his maw as Twitch brushed past his prostate. Volibear covered his mouth, did he really whimper so weakly? Licking up Voli’s leg, Twitch pressed into the button again. A muffled groan died in the bear’s paw.

Again and again, Twitch grinded against Volibear’s prostate with fast, shallow thrusts. The ursine’s mind, still addled by sex and desire, and will were attacked. The painful fire burned stronger, searing Voli’s legs to falter under its presence and creating a core inside his round gut. Yet, it did not hurt him any longer. Instead it burrowed into his nerves, making the bear more susceptible to the slightest touch and pleasure that Twitch gave him. The plague rat brought his hand upon Volibear’s cheeks, sending a shock of pleasure straight up his spine. Twitch gave up on his shallow humps, instead bringing nigh his entire length out before thrusting it inside. His pride and mental defenses shattered, Volibear huffed out the shrapnel and allowed the pleasure to wash over him with a loud, deep, satisfied groan as Twitch smashed his prostate one more time.

Grinning with satisfaction, Twitch had watched the once proud and vengeful god devolve into a moaning mess, pushing back against the rat’s thrusts with his own, desiring to be filled fully. Their bodies rocking in tandem as Volibear’s half lidded eyes rolled into his head once when the rat spanked him, the white fur getting flatter from the hits. Twitch’s dick was slowly engulfed by Vahlir’s hole, tightening and sending jolts of electricity up his length up every time he reared back to prevent his cock from leaving.

Slickened with sweat, the plague rat heaved in the stench of sex into his lungs, invigorating him to go deeper. Grabbing tightly against Voli’s leg, Twitch pulled out entirely, the gaping hole winking, trying to close around a phantom dick, and Volibear whined in desperation to feel the fire burn once more. Being the kind rat that he is, Twitch thrusted his entire body into Voli, their hips meeting for the first time as he bottomed out. Both took a moment of respite, Twitch gathering his strength and Volibear drooling in a pleasure drunk stupor before their rhythm started up again. Twitch’s slender hips bearing into Volibear’s hefty haunch, desperate cries and deep groans mixing with meaty slaps as the two thrust onto each other.

Volibear sighed, burrowing his face deep into his forearm. His once mighty, controlling and demanding voice had lost part of itself in euphoria. Each time Twitch pulled out of Voli’s, now, welcoming and slick hole he followed with a desperate momentum, yearning for that emptiness to disappear. His nerves burned brighter, jolts of bliss surging through him as Twitch caressed his shaky legs. The pain of the flame no longer registering, instead building up the core inside his stomach to an uncontrollable size. Volibear felt sick as the electric root moved downwards, putting pressure on his crotch, begging to be released. Too absorbed in his own pleasure, Twitch became erratic, bucking into Vahlir’s behind with fast shallow humps one moment and powerful, long, thrusts the next. 

It was too much, Voli’s spirit, assaulted by immeasurable pleasure and indomitable pressure, was overwhelmed, buried beneath a haze of lust. A final force pushed through from his gut, and with a muffled, whorish moan, made his mind go blank and body tense up. His hefty sack pulling tight against his taint as copious amounts of cum were forced out of him. Shot after shot, Vahlir painted the ground with white streaks, extending farther as Twitch continued thrusting into his tight, convulsing hole. A pool of pure white formed underneath from the seed being pushed out of him.

The plague rat groaned, the ring around his cock desperately sucking him in, trying to take control. Twitch wrought back control, focusing on long, fast, prostate grinding movements to punish Volibear’s unconscious demands. His grey hips, blurred by speed, smacked into Voli’s shapely behind rigorously. Flat, he would pound the bears butt flat. Volibear would not be able to walk for a day. No, a week when Twitch was done with him. But despite his best efforts, a familiar tension built up. Rapidly approaching its peak as Twitch hammered away, fueling his need for Voli’s electric bolts to shoot up his length. Thrusting relentlessly until a spark shot up his spine, the rat’s eyes closing in denial before the floodgates opened, flooding Vahlir with virile cum. Cursing under his breath, Twitch continued to move his body, pushing his seed deeper inside Voli as more rushed out of his length. The warm essence leaking out around his cock as Volibear’s ass could carry no more of his thick, viscous, white cum.

For a moment, there was nothing besides the two. Their bodily warmth enveloping the other as their hearts beat in unison, slowing down from a frenzied high. The rat’s grey lap, stained with his own white seed, rested against the bear’s heavy, heaving body. Laying in a pool of his own cum, with an erection resting inside him, was not so dignified for a god, but this carnality was exactly what Volibear craved. His mind far distanced from the battle, his duties, and his revenge.

Twitch was the first one out of the stupor, shaking his head and absorbing the scene before him, a grin alike the one Renekton had earlier crawling along his face. Exhaling, he slowly pulled out of the bear, his cock covered in his own seed and pre, its color getting richer the closer he was to pulling out. With a wet pop, his softening member came out of Voli’s entrance, a waterfall of cum slowly trickling out the gaping hole. He let go of Volibear’s damp leg, covered in Twitch’s sweat and saliva, and let it fall to the ground with a weighty thud, shifting the bear to roll over onto his back. Volibear laid there, out of commission. His shaft leaking a steady stream of cum down it, over his balls and taint, before mixing with Twitch’s on the ground.

From behind, Twitch heard footsteps closing in on him, a familiar aroma blended with sweat and cum accompanying it. “Wow, you really let him ave it rat pack.” Renekton said jovially, his tanktop sticking to his torso in a lewd manner once more. The croc’s red shorts nowhere to be found. Laughing at the crocodile’s lack of shame, his bulging slit bare for the world to see, Twitch took his googles, coat and crossbow, putting them on swiftly. “From that powerful, mind numbing aroma of yours, I take it your ‘fight’ went well. Poor dog, didn’t even hear him bark.” The plague rat said shifting his loincloth to cover his privates, a wet spot forming at the front. Inviting Twitch to perch atop his shoulder once more, the vermin jumped atop the green scaled beast, leaving the pleasure drunk Vahlir, defeated god of the wilds, to rest on the forest floor as they walked away. Victory for their side all but secured.