Original Post [>>44844801](https://warosu.org/vt/thread/44832502#p44844801)
***
I'm thinking about Alban and piss again. This time he's not been pulled into a bar and raped though, it's someone he's targeted to seduce to get past the high security of a place he's got his eye on to rob. He needs to know exactly what he's going to be working with to be able to shut things down on the night that he strikes, and that includes how to get to the wing the master's bedrooms are in.

It's an act he's done a hundred times before, dress up in one of a handful of sets of fancy clothes he's managed to steal over the past couple of years, make sure he's clean and looks his cutest, and then take the place of the escort that was supposed to be attending with a guest, the poor boy who supposed to do the job mysteriously ill that night. It wall goes to plan at first. He changes arms a few times until he's managed to get himself cozying up with the brother of the estate's owner, someone he knows won't be staying in the guest wing and the drunken man drags him off to his room. Playing coy as he strips off and sinks to his knees to suck his cock is second nature, even if it seems the man doesn't clean his cock properly, he head of it tasting like stale piss beneath the foreskin. He can take that though, having no problem deep throating him like the whore he is. There's no issue as he rolls onto his back either, showing off his clean, hairless hole and saying that he can't wait anymore, he needs him inside. It's not enough though, the man is too drunk to fuck him properly and Alban's erection starts to wane as the erratic thrusts do little for him. He's put in all this effort, he at least deserves a good fuck on top of the intel that he needs. After pleading to ride him so he can give him more of a show, Alban gets his way, moaning loudly withing seconds as he feels the head of his cock against his prostate. It's just what he wants and his inhibitions completely fall away as his fingers tug on his own nipples as he fucks himself. The old bastard is getting a good time out of it too, his fingers gripping Alban's hips tightly, pulling Alban down onto him with every roll of his hips. Before long Alban feels himself filled with cum as the man holds him tight against him and manages to get himself to follow from a combination of playing with his nipples and the satisfaction of having been cum inside.

As he pants heavily, he gives himself a few moments to catch his breath before going to move off the guy. He'll cuddle for a bit and then when the man's asleep go and explore. It's too easy. Until it's not. As he tries to move, his hips are gripped tighter and beady, amused eyes look back into his. He's only confused for a moment though, heat starts to fill him as he quickly realizes that the asshole is pissing inside him. Hands go to the man's chest to try push himself off him but it's no use, he's stronger than he is and determined to empty his bladder into his ass. It's uncomfortable and disgusting, Alban's had a lot happen to him, but he's never had this happen and his emotions get the better of him. He can't hold back the tears as the start to fall, he tries to keep a brave face but it's too much for him, he's too full, it's too high pressured, he wasn't emotionally prepared for this. Maybe he'd have been able to keep it together if the guy had pissed on him but inside him is another matter entirely. Trying to muffle the sobs, he attempts to pretend he's crying because he's so happy, giving a pathetic laugh as his voice shakes while saying it feels so good, he's so full. The bastard just has the audacity to laugh back, cruel and cold, something Alban's heard many times before from targets, from those he'd solicited and from those who'd taken as they pleased form him. It does something for him though, his spent cock pathetically twitching in interest despite his tears. The man notices, of course he does, instantly shaming him for being into being used as his personal urinal. It only makes him harder. By the time the man's stream tapers off and he passes out asleep while still inside him, Alban's left with quite a predicament. Filled with piss and rock hard, he awkwardly moves himself off the guys cock, a good deal of piss and cum spilling from his ass onto the man as he does. He feels so raw and used for the first time in years, but the show must go on. Wobbling slightly as he walks to the ensuite, he tries to focus on his next steps, giving in to the fact that he's going to have to finger himself to the degradation of being pissed inside in the shower before he can continue. At the very least, this is always a service he can charge more for when he's between heists and in need of some cash.
