#Alexander's Opinions:

##Druella, the Paranormal Detective:
>“The Asylum has no problems with her. In fact she helps us by keeping minor cases under control. Although I think she knows a little too much…”
She respects her courage to tackle supernatural cases and try to solve homicides and cases of disappearances. Although respecting her, he thinks the circumstances to work with her or even meet her would be dire due to their totally different lines of work, only an extreme case would be needed, something he would rather avoid.
The Asylum has some appreciation of her skills and career, since she keeps situations with ghosts from escalating and solving minor supernatural cases.
Danger: Almost none, she is stable and a moral person.

##Jiang Mei
>“Isn’t her name close to Jiangshi? Anyway, I don't like her. And so does the Thing. Something is off about her, and even more off about that cursed shit she carries around.”
Although not in the “shoot first, ask questions later” zone, he nurtures a healthy suspicion about Jiang Mei. Her too pale skin, red eyes and her cursed weapon… her existence screams danger. Despite the fact she has yet to commit any crime, he and others with access to her files think the same. She may become a loose cannon.
Danger: Low, can become medium and even high in the right circumstances

##Dunwich’s Mayor (David’s Father)
>“The old fart is a thorn on our side. I have no doubts that they are organizing a raid to kill him in his sleep.”
The Mayor of Dunwich has been a problem and a hindrance towards the Asylum for quite some time, so it is obvious their instance on him. Thanks to the Asylum being almost as old as Dunwich, he cannot interfere directly with it without causing a hassle in the local community.
They suspect he is “dabbing” on dangerous territory.
Danger: Possibly high.

##David Dunwich:
>“He is clean… but in consideration of who his father is, I think he should be placed on a watchlist.”
The Asylum has no confirmation if he is a Dead Man or not (which is a great problem), more so because his father is an active hindrance in their investigations. Even if he isn’t a Dead Man, Alexander isn’t willingly to trust him, call it a sixth sense. After all, there are normal people who can be just as bad as the supernatural.
Danger: Low. No confirmation if he is a Dead Man or not. What he does is mostly mundane in nature, so no reason to get suspicious of him regarding the damage he can do.

##Lyra:
>“A… coworker of sorts. I do not like her and so does the thing. Either way, that is that and this is this.”
He holds no ill intention towards her, he really doesn’t, but this cannot excuse the fact that she is a great danger. Her files on Arkham vanished or are illegible, the “Whateley Tragedy” as it came to be known, and the fact the demon that stalks him feels uneasy around her, shows how much of a problem she truly is. If she lets what is inside her loose, only God may know how much damage she could bring.
Despite not being trustworthy most of the time, the thing is great to sniff out evil. The sheer fact it doesn’t feel good around her is an omen. Something is wrong with the girl. 
Danger: **EXTREME**.

##Vanity Bright:
>“One of the stranger cases of a “monster hunter” not associated with us. She is another source of bad rumors about us but at least she keeps things from escalating regarding the supernatural, a silver lining.”
Finds her a problematic individual and isn’t willingly to meet her, although she does a good job at keeping small cases from escalating and needing people like him or the Reverend to come knocking. 
Danger: Low. Is a Monster Hunter and reasonably stable, lesser chances of going crazy and doing too much damage due to being hardened by experience.

##Nicole:
>“Suspected Dead Man, for now we have no good grounds to know if she is one.”
Represents no danger, for now. Another big shot family bites the dust, this makes one think. Why are so many of them dying in recent years? Only Lewis apparently is good and dandy right now.
He feels sorry for the woman but there is nothing he can do to help. She is on observation by the Asylum to check if she went through a Cause of Death, but he personally thinks it is unlikely.
Now, observing Lewis may come in clutch with one thing he wants, and to see if there is a force or creature targeting Dunwich’s oldest families.
Danger: None

##Reverend Daniel:
>“Oh, the Reverend. A much needed helping hand in these trying times. I like to work together with him, reliable and a cool guy. There is nothing we cannot tackle together.”
Finds reassuring to have another man of God as a coworker, as well as being a trustworthy and reliable one. Probably work together a lot when a case needs one and a half exorcists, or when it needs a ritual to be done to contain a threat. Has high opinions about the man and respects him a lot.
Danger: Inexistent. He worked and still works with the man, he is no danger to the normal people.

##Lewis:
>“Had found one of his dogs while doing a patrol in the subways, before things escalated. I never saw a dog being able to butcher monsters like that. He was very helpful in aiding me before Reverend Daniel reached the place. Brutus is a good boy. Maybe I should try and call him to see if he is willing to sell a puppy? A helping companion would be good.”
A dog breeder that has the most disciplined and fearless dogs he has ever seen. Is not everyday he sees a dog being able to contend with ghoulish corpses and get out almost unscratched. Although a high profile, he thinks that maybe he can get in contact due to the fact one of his dogs, Brutus, was lost in the subway for some reason before he managed to guide the dog back to Lewis’ mansion. He wants a true companion that isn’t a demon haunting him.
Danger: Although his dogs can be dangerous, they are well disciplined and genuinely helpful. The man doesn’t appear to be dangerous himself either. Low to none.

##Evalina:
>“Used to study with the girl. She is crazy. The “keep your distance and don't even think about her” type of crazy.”
Even if she isn’t a Dead Man, which he thinks she is (no one can hold a cartel so tightly and be a normal person), she would be dangerous. Extreme, leader of a cartel, explosive and violent temper. She is no one’s blessing.
Danger: High, she is a cartel leader and possibly a Dead Man. Her personality doesn’t help her case either.