#Collaring Iroha

>You arrive tuesday at your office, damn flu got you good, but nothing a good bowl of soup and a few hours of soothing Enka cant fix
>Of course, the first thing you did at  morning was to check the messages you missed. 
>A few ''u ok?'', boss sent you a game permission form to work on and then a ''your doctor spoke with me''
>Then, a message from Iroha. Oh iroha!

>Her dilligent nature, the way her ears flattened as she made a mistake... The Shiba Inu samurai was truly an angel sent to make your days brighter.
>It was a formal ''get welll soon, please inform me if you require assistance'', and you cant help but smile, knowing that if you asked for the moon, she would spend nights triying to come up with a plan to adquire it.
>Your last message was weird. It was from one of your coworkers and it just said '' Mio has a collar lololol''.
>Maybe it was a really nice one. Sometimes you struggled to follow the latest trends from the cityfolks. Another lovely thing about Iroha is that she was more traditional, compared to the extravagant girls in the agency

>Speaking of the devil,as the doors of the office opened, you could see her perk up in her chair, her tail wagging as she stood up and walked to you
>''Are you well Manager? ''Do you want me to get a chair?'' ''should i buy you a drink?'' ''ah, what am i saying, its too cold!'' you weather the storm of worry by promising you are fine, and that you will have lunch with her later.
>You always do, but that seems to make the trick, her tail wagging so much its a blur.
>Your boss seems to be pleased to see you are alright, and once you sit on your desk and chitchat a bit, you ask about the message to your co-worker
>''huuh? you dont know?''
>A few explanations later, and your coworkers are teasing you about how red you are. Such a scandalous thing happened while you were out?
>Still, if Miss (or Mrs?) Mio was happy with it, it cant be wrong cant it?

>Time passes by, and its time for lunch. You barely stand up, before you see Iroha, wagging her tail with two lunch boxes in her hands.
>As always, you talk over lunch. You tell her she's doing great on her streams, then you talk about the weather, next projects, etc.
>since you are distracted, you ask, without thinking ''Did something happen while i was out?''
>Iroha, who was currently sipping her tea, spits it out, narrowly missing you. Oh right.

>You try and save the situation, telling her you know what happened yesterday and that it was just an automatic question
>You tell her to forget it, that you didnt mean it, but the damage seems to be done, the mood is now stilted.
>As you are leaving, with an awkard wave, she tells you she isnt mad, but she realized she has to act
>You stand there confused, as she leaves.
>if she wasnt mad...why was her breathing so irregular?

>Over the next week, you cant help but notice two things.
>The first one, is how weird Iroha is acting. She seems to be determined to ''not let you out of her sight'', and yet when you ask she doesnt tell you.
>''Word got out of my preparations, i need to be careful''
>As a result, you find yourself not only eating with her, but also escorted through hallways and walked to the train station.

>The second thing is...well... you find yourself with way more energy after every meal
>you were never lacking it, its just that lately, you feel yourself brimming with energy. Of course that also translates to your buddy down there, who lately seems to be really focused on Iroha's....well.. everything
>You always felt something for her, but lately, with all of the skinship and her constant presence, your lust seems to be hitting a new peak.
>You cant help but be attacked by visions of Iroha... and in some of them, she seems to be wearing something in her neck

> Its by next Tuesday, that Iroha walks to your desk and asks you to help her with a song she's struggling.
>Of course, like a good manager, you obligue. You follow her to one of the recording booths, and yet she ushers you into it, instead of the monitor room
>Weird but not unheard of. Both of you enter the padded room, and Iroha closes the door.
>Before you can even ask her what song this is, she lowers her head and apologizes for deceiving you.
>You can barely process what's happening as she extends her hands and sinks her head lower into a bow. In her hands, there's a small packet
>''It took my mother a while to finish it, and...i would be honored if you accepted''
>Confused, you take the box in your hands and open it.
>In it, there's a small golden collar, with a pattern embroided on it

>Oh
>OH
>Blood rushes to your face and your lower half, your mouth dries off. Suddenly the week makes a lot of sense. You stand there, speechless
>And hard. God you are so hard. Your eyes slowly  go up, meeting Iroha's. There's a gleam in them, there's real love. But also a lust barely contained, bubbling below the surface
>You take a step, the collar in your trembling hand, Iroha stands up and straightens up, still locking eyes with you
>Another step, and you take a deep breath. A gentle yet strong aroma assaults your brain...and its coming from Iroha.
>There is no nice way of saying it, there is no sugar coating it
>Its the smell of a bitch in heat
>The smell of someone who is in the peak of her fertility, inviting a strong male to put a baby in her
>The last step, you put the collar over her nape, her body is hot and shivering with anticipation as she sticks out her neck
>You slowly start closing it, teasing the clasp, not quite finishing the deal.
>She whines, softly, before her eyes lock with yours
>''Master...please''
>CLACK

>You throw yourself at Iroha's lips, hungrily taking them. While she's inexperienced, she compensates it with enthusiasm, and it isnt long before both of you pull out for air.
>Before you can take her in for another kiss, she drops to her knees. You throb, as you feel her hands in your legs and ass, and yet your zipper is going down. Where did she learn something so lewd?
>She flashes you a loving smile, before starting the debauchery

>The walk of shame both you endure as you come from the Audio studio is legendary. Both of you covered in kisses and bites, with your shirt ripped to shreds and her always inmaculate hair a complete mess.
>And yet the shame hits a new peak as you are both given cleaning supplies and ordered to clean the recording booth,while your coworkers whistle and laugh