Another day, another boring history of magic class. Professor Binns floated around the room without paying any real attention to the students that had slumped over and fallen asleep. Of course he had started on one of his usual tangents to nobody in particular, the class finding anything they could get away with to entertain themselves in the meantime. Some had taken to playing with a toy from Zonko’s out of sight of the professor, others read a book to study for a different class, and some were even doing quiet spells just to entertain themselves, levitating random objects around the room.

At the back of the class sat two Hufflepuff students, both just as bored as the rest but, one seemed far more bored about it than the other. Faolán leaned forward over the desk he shared with his fellow house-mate. Head pressed firmly against both of his hands in frustration, leg idly bouncing just to have something to ease the tension that always came after a full moon. Eyes only occasionally flicking up to peer through his sunglasses, eventually looking to his right at the girl sitting next to him. “Hey Gloria…?”

The dark-skinned girl looked up from her boredom, looking over at Faolán with those purple eyes. Even if she didn’t say it, she could tell that he was a tensed up bundle of stress. The man scooted himself a tad closer to her to speak quietly, keeping watch to see where Binns aws at any given moment. “Want to make the class a bit more interesting?” There was a quiet moment before she responded “Right now?” A quiet nod was the only response she got from him. Giving it a second to think about it before smiling and nodding in return.

 One of her hands slid underneath the desk and began to quietly unfasten his pants. With a quick motion it slipped underneath and wrapped around his shaft. The man’s leg stopped its bounce as her hand started to slowly stroke up and down, letting her thumb gently rub against the head from time to time. She was good with her hands and was going to prove it by the time she was done. There was something thrilling about this, the risk that at any moment, someone could turn and see what they were doing. The door could open behind them and someone could walk in and see.

Faolán slipped one of his arms around her, slinking it underneath her robes to tug Gloria’s skirt up. Letting his hand grasp and play with that thick ass. Both of them doing their best to hold in any sounds, though it seemed that one at least wanted to push their luck. Faolán leaned a bit closer to her, whispering into her ear “I bet no one would notice if you used your mouth~”. A light flush showed on the girl’s face as she shifted her whole body to lay across the bench. Pulling his cock free from his pants and moving her head down. Licking from the base up to the head before wrapping her lips around it.

As her head began to bob, his hand slowly caressed along her hips. He remembered a few rumors about the girl and decided to test just how true they were. Letting two of his fingers rub and push against the entrance to her ass, trying to get her worked up as if he wanted to get the two of them caught. A muffled moan came from her as both of his fingers slipped inside, slowly beginning that rhythmic motion. Needing to bite his other hand for a quick second to keep himself quiet. 

Both were caught off guard by Binns suddenly calling out Faolán’s name. Asking him if he could answer what year the first goblin rebellion occurred in. While he already struggled to answer, Gloria being a tease pushed her head all the way down. Reaching to grasp and play with his balls while he tried to answer. “Sixte–” His breath hitched “teen Twelve…Professor”. Binns didn’t even seem to notice and started to go on another tangent as he floated around the room. 

That teasing wasn’t taken lightly, his fingers began to move faster within her. His gaze flicked down towards her and was met with a smug look from down below. Her head returned to those rhythmic bobbing motions. Those closer to them could hear the wet slurping and one unfortunate witch turned her head to look towards them when the question was asked. Blushing and looking away quickly, pretending that she hadn’t seen anything at all. 

That free hand lowered itself to grasp at the back of her head, pushing and rubbing to encourage her to keep going. The hound felt himself getting closer to that imminent climax, having to grit his teeth to avoid letting out a moan. As they finally reached that peak moment, his hand pushed onto the back of her head to hold him fully down against the base of his cock. Spurting seed down her throat. She swallowed it happily and laid her head there for a minute or two. Lifting off while quietly panting, realizing the combination of saliva and cum on her lips and quickly licking them clean before anyone could really notice.

Both of them sat there once again, much closer than they had been at the beginning of the class. Quietly helping each other adjust back into being decently covered once again before either of them thought to speak again. “So…want to keep going after class~?” A smile grew on both of them as he gave one last squeeze to her hip. “Sure~”.