LETS GO HUNTING FOR SHADOWS

Do you guys heard lets go hunting for Shadow or shadow hunt for short its was a sega saturn game but its was so unknown how it started the team who made it was team onetouch, the team who made frozen freedom and innocents and souls those games were classic hits but this was unheard of. The story of this game is quite simple “ you played as lawrie narcisse and his best pal vinay on a 3D adventure with shadows stopping your way to relax in your rented vacation house!!!” I got this game in a video game store. It was on the used shelf for only 10 dollars. i drove back home and hooked up my sega saturn and boot up the game, the game was show as a black screen then the team OneTouch logo was shown then there's a car with lawrie and vinay the ghost in it  i pressed the a button and it showed a save file but there's another file that was unopened i made a new file. the screen turns black then a cutscene starts and it shows a man driving a car. I was assured that this is Lawrie calling his boss and the boss tells him to check the Sophia house because it has a shadow problem. I think this is a tutorial. We arrived at the house and to be honest, the controls are hard like using the z button to use the shadow buster and our first enemy is a tall shadow with lanky arms and legs and the objective is to capture it.  I pressed the x button to bring out the shadow buster and vaporize the shadow and the shadows have realistic screams like the person is getting hurt by someone else.  Sophia ran at me and said thank you for killing that shadow and gave me a reward as gratitude, the reward was a shoe that i can run fast as i can kinda. It was broken but I can still run fast. We went back to the van to our next destination and the destination was our rented vacation house. The loading screen is looking weird like I can see the models but their faces look dead except for the shadows. We arrived at the vacation house it looked hunted but it look nice from the picture as we step in, we felt a strong presence from somewhere and vinay was tried to go back to the van but he can't somehow and lawrie realize the house is covered with the shadows we went inside the house and it does looked hunted like the painting was teared down and i can hear screams from the walls i continued in the hallway then i found a door that's lead me to a secret room it have a chest in the middle of the room and also have a note, the note said this¨ oh wow you find this note at of nowhere, you may found a secret room congrats im proud of you keep this as a reward!!¨. It was a tape recorder. A text appears on top of my screen. It looks like a code to something. As I walked out of the secret room there was a shadow person with the texture of a missing person poster then disappeared as I walked up to it.  I encounter a human but he looks fake then opens his mouth, two long dark arms come out of the fake human. I quickly pressed x to shoot the shadow then the fake shadow was killed. Man this game feels so weird like the shadows are eerie and the music has a sonic cd feel to it.
As I was walking in the hallway and going into random rooms, I found a room with a telephone and a bed. The phone was ringing in a slow down tone. I walked to it and picked it up. It was some sounds of a real person screaming and begging to stop. I don't understand what this phone tried to say?  There was a note to it but i can't pick it up, vinay comes out of the suitcase and told me that i can use him for battle and puzzles i walked out of the rooms and i found some sand on the ground i walked to the sand to see a door in the sand i opened the door then meet a person sitting in a beach chair drinking smoothies basically just chilling, i ran up to him and interacted he gave me a quest to earn a reward that helps me to stop the shadows i need to kill 2 umbrellas and cloud shadows of each i agreed to that quest and went out the door. I paused my game to get a quick smack then i come back to my game acting really glitchy like the screen turned red and the texts are replaced with help me and turn the game off but it turned back to normal i was in a random room and there was the person standing next to the door i can't interact the person like they are a movie prop i opened the door and walked out and found a shadow, the shadow has an umbrella and i pull out the shadow buster and shoot. The umbrella shadow throws some bombs to me and i quickly pressed A button to dodge the bombs and pressed the c button to call vinay to stun the enemies and I finally killed the shadow then somehow it was raining under me and i realize its was a shadow under there multiple weak shadows comes from the cloud shadows i put the shadow buster again to kill the weak shadow then tried to take down the cloud and then the game crashes. I tried to reboot the game but it kept making that beeping sound. I was getting sleepy so I went to sleep on my bed. It was midnight i heard some sound in downstairs I woke up from the sound and i grabbed my bat the sound is like humanlike but it's not, i checked the living room but it was nothing there same does the kitchen I went back to upstairs. 
5/10/08
I emailed my friend about the game and he said that the game used to be in the arcade for a week but it got removed from arcades everywhere, the game got someone a seizure and went to the hospital.  Team one touch fixes the issue but it won't stop them from getting sued by the people and later years they made it to home consoles like the sega saturn and nintendo 64 but that was cancelled for unknown reasons they did some commercials for it but they got lost to time.
I hooked up the sega saturn, grabbed the disk to put it in the Saturn then turn on the tv.  I realize that there was a dead body on the loading screen it was so hard to see because it was covered with art i was in the same room as last time I continued in the hallway then a shadow with an eye I can't hit it i ran away from the shadow then the tall shadow appears again and tried to attack me, i lost my some of my health then i pull the shadow buster to kill until something strange i swear to god that i heard a voice in the tv like “you are helpless to me” then a picture of a female corpse and a scream before the sega saturn turns off by itself i boot up the console and the game takes a dark turn like the walls have eyes looking at me and i can hear many screams in the background, i continued in nightmare filled hallway then i found a man in a suit standing next to a door i interact with the man and he said “ you can’t get past of this door pal you need 3 souls and i may let you in.” I was confused about what souls!!! I'm trying to find the “Souls” then I found a corpse lying in a corner I interact with the corpse it was begging for help but the options are just to pull his heart out and I pressed a to pull out, but he was screaming loud then he stops screaming I found the same fake human and I realize that it looks like an unused model for it i walked up to it and the fake human turns to it real form, it has a ripped off face and realistic eyes same does the teeth. The fake shadow attacked me i lost half of the health and i killed it with the shadow buster but it didn’t affect it like its an actually human and the shadow disappeared but it drop a soul so i collected it,  i got 2 souls i feel guilty for victims that i take their souls, the same eye shadow appeared behind me the shadow was named forget i can't move my controller the shadow started to me the text box looked corrupted but i tried to understand it here i think it said “ in 1998 there was a worker in his job until the incident happened to him, he was in a call with his friend until he was invited to an office, the man in a suit sitting in a chair smoking a cigar he put the cigar off and started to the man he was saying about anything like his wife and kids then the man in a suit told the man to follow him to his car. The man was confused then  He told his wife on the cellphone about what happened and she was confused as the man as he went to sleep with his wife then the man's heart stopped. The wife woke up from his husband being unable to wake up. She called the cops about what happened then they were here. For 1 hour the cops knocked on the wife's door and opened the door. The cops told her what happened to him and the wife was on the ground crying. The cops were staring at her a day later when the wife killed herself after the death of his husband.  The eye shadow was gone i was looking for him but he was just gone then i heard a telephone ringing, my screen turned black then a real photo of a person smiling then some music started to play, the forgotten shadow was standing next to the photo and he just staring at me from the screen i went to the back of my tv and pull the plug and i sighed and start to get ready for bed.
In my dreams, there was the same fake shadow standing next to my bed and some weird sound coming from the shadow but it didn’t even speak nor move 
I can't move either from my bed like I'm dead then the bird starts to chirp.
5/11/08
I wake up from my nap my friend called me in the morning you checking up with me i told him about the game and my friend was confused about the game and told me how i found it and i tell him that i got it from a video game store then he tells me that he used work there until an incident in the store when a customer comes in the store, the customer had a gun but instead robbing this store he shoots himself in the head my co workers were screaming and i called 911 the cops arrived and started to Investigate weeks after the cops report the news to us that the person who commits suicide in front of us is a worker who used to work here and he tried to kill yourself with a rope but it didn’t work then he bought a 357 magnum revolver and the rest is history.  After the phone call with my friend, I booted up the game, i started to hear strange noises from the tv but it stopped a minute, my save file looks corrupted but it's not somehow and the other save file was gone too. I boot up my save file and it didn’t spawn i was before, I'm in the same room with the eyes but the person who stands next to the door is gone I went out of the door and the hallways are fleshy there are eyes in the walls and arms in the floor I continued in this nightmare hallway until i found a npc at the end of the hallway I tried to interact to it but it didn’t work. There was a door in the hallway i opened it and it was the same eye shadow standing in the white void, I walked up to the eye shadow and interact it, the shadow started to talk a text box appeared but there was no text but it just sound but i can't understand what it was saying I thin but i got a recording of this https://files.catbox.moe/j9neps.wav
The eye shadow disappeared and a group of shadows stood around me and my screen turned black i hear some old-timey music on the tv and I felt scared. The screen turned back to normal but I was just in the room with the same telephone in the game. I got out of the room and traveled in the hallways.  In 10 minutes I found no shadows in this house. I tried to escape but the door wouldn't open. I restarted the game and I got teleported to a place just three trees in a void,there was a person standing next to one of the trees. There were some shadows in this void but they are not moving i went up to the person he looked like me but distorted like lawrie suit in red color and his face is just smiling while lawrie just a straight face with eyebrows is down like he bored, i just realize that vinay is gone i forgot he existed i tried to pull out vinay but it didn’t work. I turned around to see a pair of eyes on the ground, I tried to look at it but it disappeared as I interacted with it. I restarted the game and I'm in the same white void with the three trees. I feel like this is the ending to the game, I realize the copy of lawrie was gone from the trees and got replaced with a sunflower. This may be the end of the game. There is nothing here. I took the disc out of the saturn and put it in a box. I'm gonna sell it soon. 
Aftermath: 3/8/09: It's been years since I played that game. I posted the story on a random forum and I got replies to the post like how I got the game and does it even exist until I got a reply from a ex-worker at one touch, he told me some info on the game like the game was based on the boss fear in the dark and the house was based on a real house that was Abandoned because of rumors at the time that it was hunted then I told him about the white void thing but he didn’t respond. 
THE END