## Gates of Hell
by HelloAnonMyOldFriend; May 12th, 2017
***
Very short quickie, contains nudity but nothing more explicit than that.

***

&emsp; &emsp;Nothing. I see absolutely nothing, not even black. My ears are painfully ringing, trying to hear a sound that’s not there. I don’t know where I am or even where my limbs are; I can’t feel anything. No touch, no wind, no cold nor warmth. Last thing I remember was… a short pain. Maybe it was my fault for crossing a road in the wrong place; maybe it was that dumb idiot behind the wheel, not paying attention to the road. Perhaps I shouldn’t have worn earphones, blasting music in my ears at full volume, or perhaps the car went out of control. Anyway, I felt a punch, worse than any other, before being quickly quieted down by the shock. Those few broken bones and maybe some internal bleeding would be manageable, but the impact with the road cemented that. A loud crack led me here, into this void.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Slowly, I began to realise what happened. Maybe I was just in a coma, but the hard reality slowly dawned on me. I was dead. My mind was starting to race with thoughts. What about my loved ones? What about them? And what is going to happen to me? Shit, maybe I should have joined some religion if this is what awaits godless people – limbo. Suddenly, something started to happen. I didn’t notice it at first and I couldn’t understand what was happening afterwards, but after a while, I felt something. Breezes of air on my naked skin; smell of something more or less neutral; the emptiness around me began to take shape. A strange dark mist appeared, slowly forming into distant mountains and, much closer to me, something resembling stone fortification seemingly built up from the ground somewhere below. Strange pressure started pulling me down and I realised I was being dragged down by weak gravity. I looked down and saw black floor with outlines of a road, still blurry and misty. It led to the wall made of large stone bricks, kind of resembling defences of medieval castles, but not quite. I couldn’t see the end of it on the left nor on the right, it seemed to stretch for eternity.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Right in front of me, however, was the only anomaly in it. Where the road merged with the wall, a giant gate stood. A massive arc with barely visible embossed markings overshadowed a gigantic gateway made of iron and wood, both of which were placed between two high watch towers. My sight gradually cleaning up and sharpening, I could see the details in the architecture. What looked like rough bricks were actually tablets with runic inscriptions and carved images that I couldn’t distinguish. Slowly, I descended on the cold pathway, made of smooth bricks and felt solid ground beneath my bare feet again. I looked around and even with me being able to see clearly, the world around me looked empty and dark. Behind me, the road stretched over to the horizon where it, as a line, gradually disappeared. The barricades in front of me, however, didn’t look as bare as I could even see the material they were made of. Slowly, I made a step towards the gate before turning it into a slow walk.
&emsp; &emsp;“H-hello?” I frighteningly, quietly called out. Nothing. No response, no reverb. I got very close to the gate, feeling smaller and smaller in comparison with each step while inspecting the carved artwork on it. Both wings had symmetrical features, a reverse circled pentagram with small, more complicated runes around it. Just as I started wondering about the meaning of it, I suddenly heard a distant giggle, high-pitched and bubbly, creepy and unsettling in the silence of afterlife. Unlike my voice, it had an echo, repeating several times before fading away. I looked in its direction, somewhere above the walls, but couldn’t see anything.
&emsp; &emsp;“Hello? Is anyone there?” I asked again, slowly starting to panic. The same snicker resonated throughout the wasteland again before being cut off by loud creaking right in front of me. I saw the gate open mildly and a shadowy figure come out of it. I gulped and moved forwards slowly.
&emsp; &emsp;“Looks like somebody had a bad day.” A voice sounded from the now quiet gate. It must have been the same one as the one giggling. And then, the silhouette left the shadow and exposed itself.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Who or what was that? It wasn’t walking as I previously thought – it was floating. It had the proportions of a human female, a very, very busty at that. Not obese, rather very much voluptuous, with wide hips, thick thighs and a pair of massive breasts. She seemed naked, exposing smooth red skin on her body. I looked up at her face. What struck me the most was the one giant eye, burning with warm green light, scanning me with a wide, hearty grin from ear to ear, showing off white, uniform teeth. It was definitely female, if her body wasn’t enough of a sign of that. The crimson skin was accompanied by long, pink hair, arranged into two wide ponytails mildly off to the sides of the person’s head, held together by strange spheres of an opposite, blue colour, seemingly containing… skulls? I checked the gliding humanoid once more, noticing more things, mostly the small horns on her face and shoulders. What the hell was going on? First that pentagram imagery and now this red creature with skulls and horns, closing on to me? A… demon? Oh, god, I was in Hell.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Panic set in. I felt fear deep inside me, telling me to run. What were the intentions of the creature in front of me? Why was I here? I wanted to start sprinting away, but something told me to stand still. What else could I do? Get lost in infinite planes of purgatory? Or see what the demon in front of me had in store for me? She looked… strangely innocent, actually. Was that a mask for me to trust her? Was her nude (with the exception of some black leg wear), lust-inducing body meant to seduce me, make me try to sin and in return receive an eternity in the burning fires of Hell? I suddenly realised I was naked, as well. Covering my manhood, I waited for the red female who stopped in front of me, still moving up and down in mid-air. Not lowering her toothy smile, she spoke up again,
&emsp; &emsp;“Well, what about you?” Her voice was cute and sweet, but not in a disgustingly trying-to-be-adorable way, nor was there anything sinister about it. I swiftly lowered my head at her exposed body before quickly looking her in the eye again, trying not to seem rude.
&emsp; &emsp;“I… who,… who are you? Where am I?” I blurted out. She chuckled again.
&emsp; &emsp;“It’s kinda hard to explain to the folk passing through here, but you’re in Hell.”
&emsp; &emsp;I was right. She was a demon, this was the underworld and I was here for some reason, meant to be tortured for eternity. Noticing my distress, the plump woman giggled.
&emsp; &emsp;“Calm down, not *that* Hell, you humans have so many variations on it and all of them suck. I mean, if you really want to, we have some realms to your liking, but I wouldn’t go there. It’s not even as warm as it might look like.” She said, her tone casual and friendly.
&emsp; &emsp;“I,… so, now what?” I asked, still frightened. She seemed so nice, but wasn’t that the demons’ thing, to lie seductively to mortals? So far, she didn’t seem to have any malicious intents, though. And, again, what was I supposed to do?
&emsp; &emsp;“Well, right now, you’ll just follow me. It’s nicer inside, don’t worry. And you can put your hands down, sweetie, we don’t have a problem with that.” She calmed me down further while pointing at my hidden privates. I breathed out and let my arms go free. She smiled even more and turned around before floating towards the gate. I followed her, wondering about my fate. My previous life briefly flashed in my mind before I dismissed it. Whatever was waiting for me, I was ready for it, hopefully.