#Bewitched

"...Shion, are you sure you want this?" you ask with a bit of hesitation in your voice, even though you're sporting the hardest, stiffest erection you've ever gotten in your life while being 'pinned down' by the mage's hands. Though you could easily push her away, you let her do as she pleased. It'd be bad to break her heart even more than it already has, those cheeks of hers still streaked with tears.

"Yeah... I'm sure. If they want me to have a boyfriend so much... t-then they'll get what they wish for!"

It's not something you would've expected from Shion at all. Most of the time she's cheeky but friendly when hanging out with you, though she occasionally becomes reclusive, refusing to talk to anyone if she's having one of her... episodes. Of course, you always tell the little mage that, being her manager and friend, she can confide her problems to you whenever she wants to. After she told you to meet her in person at her apartment while crying her eyes out, you didn't hesitate at all to visit even if it was at the dead of night.

In no timeline could you have ever seen this coming, the young girl breaking down into tears while hugging you as she speaks about everything that's been troubling her recently. Clearly has been troubling her, especially the new set of rumors that seemingly popped up out of nowhere...

After taking your time to comfort her, Shion's finally settled down enough that her speech becomes coherent again, though she's still slurring a bit after bawling that much, arms remaining around your waist to keep you in her embrace. Truth be told, it was almost embarrassing to be hugged by a girl that's more than a whole foot shorter than you, but you just take it in stride and even hug her in return, willing to do whatever it takes to comfort her... Which led to this moment.

Picking up from where we left off, Shion has you pinned to the bed, not willing to let you escape even if she knows you could easily wrench her arm out from under her weak grasp, but since you're not fighting back, she speaks out: "You... You'll be my boyfriend from now on, I don't care about those dumb rumors anymore."

Her eyes are burning with determination, but they're also shaking, because what happens next is something even she seemed hesitant to do, as those soft lips of hers make contact with yours. You don't even try to fight back; if anything, you choose to acknowledge this decision of hers by returning her kiss, which makes her hands go slack around your wrist, giving you an opportunity to wrap your arms around her waist to keep her close. Lips and tongues clash as you moan into each other's mouth, muscles dancing while you swap saliva with one another, the taste of the mage's so sweet and light that you can't get enough of it. Both of you try to sustain this kiss for as long as possible until you have to separate due to your bodily needs, heavy breaths pour from your mouths, chest rising and falling, heart racing in the process of recuperation while bridges of saliva connect Shion's lips with yours.

Neither of you say anything, and Shion brings her hands to either side of her body, hands grabbing at the big baggy shirt she's got on, taking it off with little hesitation. She's red in the face as she shows off her immature body, a small pair of breasts contained within a lacy bra which almost seems unnecessary.

"D-Don't stare too much," she pouts, averting her gaze, but that just makes you harder, and she audibly reacts when you throb against her crotch, letting out a surprised gasp at how hard it's gotten while still in your pants.

Your arms reach up to unhook her brassiere, and she doesn't resist, even reaches behind her to help you undo it 'til it eventually comes loose, being pulled off from Shion's shoulders, revealing those tiny yet perky tits, topped off with some deliciously pink areolae and nipples.

Those cheeks of hers have turned completely red with a mixture of both arousal and embarrassment, but she seems to appreciate the fact that you're admiring her body, taking your hand and letting you grope her budding chest. Too far to turn back, you squeeze her small breast which gets a quiet moan out from Shion, whose hips are now gently girating, causing her crotch in those short shorts to grind against the swelling in your pants.

"K-Keep touching me..." Shion whispers, a complete 180 from her initial reaction, and that sends your mind into overload. This whole time you've been letting her take the lead, but no more. While you fondle one breast each with one hand, you use the other to undo your pants, belt coming loose but staying around the loop as you pull it off low enough to bring your bulging underwear into view, against Shion's crotch, making her head spin a bit, but she's not scared... or at least that's what she wants you to think.

Her hands reach down to work your boxers off, quickly revealing what's been throbbing underneath, that manhood of yours that almost seems too big to fit inside of Shion, brushing against the soft fabric of her shorts, which you can tell are gradually becoming wetter by the second. She guides your other hand to take those shorts off, hooking your thumb into the waistband of her shorts(and even her panties!), pulling it all off in one go to reveal the slippery slit hiding underneath. She pushes it against your length, and she visibly shivers, the softness and warmth of these lower lips unlike anything you've ever felt before, causing you to throb with excitement even further, which makes Shion blush some more... She's been taking the lead this whole time, looking quite unconfident, but after seeing how stiff you'd gotten, she couldn't help but get a bit smug.

"J-Jeez~ You're this hard because of my body, huh? I should've figured the man who was so eager to become my manager was into girls like me..." Shion puts up a brave tone even though she's clearly nervous, still grinding those sopping-wet nethers against your manhood, which is already viciously throbbing, causing the brat to let out quiet gasps and moans until she stops teasing herself, lifting those hips high enough to press the tip of your penis against her entrance. She has a smug grin on her face, even though she knows she's going to lose control the moment she puts it in.

"Just so you know... It's my first time."
As she says that, your heart skips a beat. You reach your hands up to grab hold of Shion's hips, which shocks the witch that had just been trying to act confident. She doesn't fight back though, staring deeply into your eyes, hands moving to hold onto yours while they're on her hips, and she shimmies around, letting you slip right inside of her...

A groan comes out of you, throwing your head back in delight as Shion's tight slit takes you in, some blood gradually beginning to trickle down the side of your prick as you bury it deeper into the mage.

"Does it hurt...?" you ask, but Shion fervently shakes her head, even though it's obviously far bigger than her fingers, the most she's put inside her...
"I-It doesn't hurt, I promise!" Shion squeaks out, and to prove her own words, she begins gyrating those hips some more, pushing your cock further into that pussy of hers before the tip makes contact with her cervix, making her eyes go wide, the pleasure knocking the wind out of her sails as she has an orgasm, squirting onto your stomach while her walls convulse around your girth, squeezing tightly as though she doesn't want to let go.

You sit up and reach out to make sure Shion's okay, careful not to let her slump too far backwards and break something. Being her manager(and now boyfriend), it's still your responsibility to make sure she doesn't get hurt after all. Thankfully, it seems like the witch is okay, albeit a bit out of it. She looks dazed after cumming just once, gasping for air, but you can't stop now...

Seeing her succumb to such pleasures, it's impossible for you to control yourself, and you begin to move at your own accord, taking control now while she attempts to recover, and that quickly sends Shion reeling back into reality, getting forced to double over you as her back seemingly gives out from the constant jolts of less pain and more pleasure coursing through her spine. The silver-haired mage looks into your eyes as you thrust your cock in and out of her pussy, those golden irises starting to shed tears of ecstasy while the sound of two pairs of hips clashing echo through the room, thankfully inaudible to any neighbors thanks to Shion's noise-canceling setup. Only you two are privy to your noises during this intense lovemaking session.

"Hah...! **H-Harder!**" the violet mage belts out, begging, now sitting on your lap, arms tightly clinging around your shoulders. This makes it so those erotic whines and whimpers coming out of her lips as you pound her pussy and the entrance to her baby room will pour right into your ear, tummy stretching out visibly every time you bottom out inside of her. It's hard to deny how cute she is, unable to hold yourself back as she too begins to bounce, that small yet round butt of hers clapping against your groin over and over, sending you over the edge.

While hugging her tight, a shudder runs up your spine, and your dick throbs heavily as hot, virile ropes of your genetic material begin shooting from your tip, being poured straight into Shion's womb, pumping every last drop of your semen inside of the poor girl who's quivering from another orgasm. The two of you are completely drenched in sweat, and even though Shion had nearly blacked out from the pleasure she'd felt, she has enough control over herself to kiss you once more, not letting go of you or your cock, and you're more than happy to return her feelings by making your tongues dance in a rhythm only you two are familiar with.

The kiss breaks, almost reluctantly from both sides, and you two stare into each other's eyes for a little longer, tiredness starting to kick in, both for you and Shion, chests rising and falling against one another. The young girl is this close to falling asleep, but before she slips out of consciousness, she manages to whisper something to you first.

"I love you..."

And then a blanket of silence drapes over the night, with Shion falling asleep in your embrace, still connected by the hip, but you're too tired to worry about it. Instead, as Shion snores cutely against you, you whisper back, "I love you too..." with a kiss on the forehead, before you slip into the world of dreams alongside her.