A clothes bin laid down was the end of a very long, heavy, and exhausting haul up the stairs of your new apartment complex. A much needed sigh of relief left you as you sat in your recliner, taking a look at your new apartment. It was a newer one, pest free, and you'd found this particular listing for a pretty cheap price.

There were some pretty solid perks to being a tenant there too. Fast wifi for streaming or MMO gaming with your friends, a pool out back for casual swimming. Gyms were fairly close too, so that workout routine you started a couple months back could be kept up.

All in all it was set out to be the perfect place to go into after your graduation a few months ago. Computers were the future job's indeed, and they paid pretty damn good for your field.

For now, you could take a well deserved moment of relaxation.

A loud thump came from the wall nearest to you, strong enough to shake some of your furniture. Probably just a neighbor accidentally dropping something heavy, so you sat back again. Another thump came, this one much louder and followed by the noise of shattered glass, which made you jump.

Concern and curiosity helped you forget the moving exhaustion as you rose and left your apartment to knock at the one next door. A few sharp raps would be enough to make sure it'd be heard over any other stuff breaking.

"Hello? Are you alright?"

Two more crashes, a man cursing a bit, and some heavy footsteps came to the door.

"One second……errrgh, ok."

A man answered the door only wearing shorts, towering over your 5'8 height, he was probably nearly seven feet tall. Fairly hairy, what with a forest of body hair covering his chest, stomach, and arms. A bodybuilder type, though more tone than fat save for the potbelly.

The real thing that caught your attention was his face. He looked a bit older, probably late twenties, stubble adorning his hunky face nicely. To top it off, he had a smile that made your heart flutter at the sight. Sultry eyes didn't help much in that regard either.

"Can I.. help you?" he asked in a pleasantly deep voice, yawning widely.

"I um..heard something crash over here, I didn't know if you were ok."

"Yeah. I'm recovering from a hangover. Now and then I drink a bit and it takes the better part of a day to get over it," the man scratched his messy, pointed hair. 

"Right. I'm Anon, I moved in today," your hand met his comparably stronger grip.

"John, good to meet you Anon. I'm sorry about the noise, I promise it doesn't happen often."

"I'm more worried if you got hurt or anything."

"Aw, well no worries. I heal pretty well from a few bumps. So.. just moved in, huh?"

"Yeah, I'll leave you be, sorry for the disturbance," you almost shifted away until his hand gripped your shoulder.

"I like to get to know my neighbors, would you want to have some steak tonight? I can cook a pretty good cut."

"S-sure," you hesitantly agree, in disbelief that a guy like this asked you over for dinner on your first meeting.

"Alright. Just knock around six tonight and I'll be better prepared. See ya then, Anon," he pat your shoulder and slid back into his place.

"Bye," you said as John smiled and shut the door, the click of it breaking your trance.

Holy shit.

Buff hot guy invited you to his place.

The next couple of hours were spent in an excited routine of prep and making yourself a bit more handsome. For one, shaving your own shabby beard would show off your somewhat cute face underneath. You didn't have any expensive perfumes, but your deodorant would do well enough.

Some jeans and a tight fitting t-shirt would help show off your developing muscles. Your hair was combed up a bit and sprayed to keep its shape better. Lastly, a bottle of mints was stuffed in your pants, just in case it was needed.

You glanced at your clock, 5:45 PM. John probably wouldn't mind an early arrival, would he?

For a moment, nervousness made you hesitant to knock at his door. Were you overdressed, underdressed, maybe you were trying too hard? One deep breath and a shot of confidence helped you tap at his door a few times.

Within a minute, John answered the door in his own dressup. A flannel shirt unbuttoned at the top, letting his chest peek out. Dark jeans that really helped to bring out a prominent bulge, distracting you momentarily before your eyes met his again. He'd shaved and already had a five'o'clock shadow.

"Lookit you, all dressed up just for me?" he teased as he looked you over.

"I..I just like to look better when I'm hanging out with someone."

"I know just what you mean."

Suggestive teasing done with, he stepped aside and let you in. One of the smells that greeted you was the steak he'd promised, as well as some veggies. The other smell was dog, a heavy smell of it in fact, which struck you as odd. The apartment policy forbade having pets, threatening automatic eviction if they found even so much as a lizard in a suntank.

Why risk it?

"Got a puppy or something?", you inquired as you took a seat.

"Oh, yeah he's in the bedroom, usually he starts barking right about now."

"I take it you need to lock him up near people?"

John snickered, "That's one hell of a way to put it."

...Right. Whatever dog he had must have been aggressive, then. At least the smell wasn't horribly bad.

"So Anon, you got a girlfriend or anything?", John looked back expectantly.

"I'm single. I uh..prefer to date men, never really could find romantic attraction to a girl. What about you?"

"Hm. Case by case, I suppose. Never really thought much of being with a guy or gal. Haven't really been on too many dates to know."

So he was single...

John sniffed around, "You put a lot of deodorant on?"

"Uh… no more than I usually do?" you said, sniffing yourself to be sure it wasn't laid on too thickly.

"Ah, must be my nose. I have a genetic thing, makes my sense of smell a lot stronger. Speaking of which, steak smells ready, hope you like medium rare."

John gathered up your piece, a pretty generous cut for you with half the plate taken up. Buttered mushrooms with a bit of garlic and a baked potato with sour cream down the middle occupied the other half. It smelled better than anything you'd ever cooked before.

A bottle of red wine was placed on the table, along with two moderately sized glasses. John sniffed the top first, quickly yet carefully pouring out your drinks. You weren't one to drink often, but since this was a special occasion...

"So, wanna be the judge for it?"

Cutting out a corner piece, you found it was cooked to perfection. Just the right amount of pink, amazing flavor, and juicy. The mushrooms were a great addition too, chewy and buttery, the potato mushy enough but not too soft. Best damn meal you'd had since your graduation party.

"Damn Anon, don't choke yourself," John said amidst the feast, you realized you were stuffing yourself pretty quick.

"Pretty good food," you ate slower now that you were aware.

"Well don't let up on my account, I just like to know it's a good meal."

"Your meat is pretty good." 

It took a second to realize the innuendo, you coughed a few times and sipped your wine.

"Well, I'm flattered," John Frank from his cup and raised a suggestive brow.

"I..I meant the steak. It's really good."

"I'm just glad you like stuffing my meat in your mouth."

Your cheeks ran ablaze with heat from the suggestive comment. The rest of your food was eaten quickly and quietly, before you could give him another chance to fluster you. The wine had more of an effect than you thought, if your tipsy feeling was right.

"Shoot, too much to drink?", John asked as you stood up.

"Yeah. Thanks for dinner, you're a pretty good cook."

"Thank ya kindly. Is there anything else you need before you go?"

Well, here goes nothing.

"Do you.. wanna work out with me sometime? I could use a spotter."

He smiled, "Sure, I'll give you my number. Mind if I put it in your phone myself?"

"N-not at all!", you said almost too excitedly, dragging out your phone.

This had to be a dream, right? Your hot, single neighbor giving you his number on day one? Who would've thought a scrawny guy like you could manage it. Hopefully he didn't notice the blush developing as he handed your phone back.

"Here ya go. Feel free to call if you need me."

Saying goodbye, you returned to your apartment with a sense of confidence. How the hell you managed all that was beyond you, but you'd gladly take it. More importantly, seeing John's number in your phone made you feel pretty happy.

'Feel free to call if you need me', those words echoed even as you fell asleep.

The next few weeks only proved to make your bond with him stronger. He would push you to go farther at the gym than you were used to. Normally you wouldn't be bothered to do that, but he'd feel your muscles occasionally to check the progress. Always nice to have a guy feel you up, no matter what situation.

And seeing him working up a sweat in a t-shirt didn't hurt either. Half the time that you invited him was to steal glances at his body. Every time those arms bulged out from lifting a heavy weight you could feel your dick begin pitching up. Still, you didn't want to jump there until you'd properly worked up to it.

One of those workouts began like the others, stretches and basic weights to start. Benchpressing was a little harder that day though, John had added about five more pounds than your current record. You had only beaten the last one a few days ago, so needless to say it was a little straining after just a few raises of the bar.

Just one more and you could set it aside and clear the blood from your head. The descent of it felt intense, the rise actually testing your limits. Your arms shook as you finished setting it back, John pat your back and sat next to you.

"Lookit you, lil champ," he passed over your bottle.

Cool, refreshing water spilled down and helped ease the oncoming headache. John took the time to check your biceps, as he'd been doing now and then.

This wasn't exactly the same as fondling, but being massaged in public still made you blush. Actually, there wasn't anyone else in the gym at the moment so it wasn't that bad. Being as handsy as he was relaxed you enough to close your eyes.

"Uh, like what I'm doing Anon?", John chuckled.

Great, a tent was pitching up in your gym shorts. Of course you had to get a hardon from John rubbing you up. Quick as you could, it was tucked between your legs before you embarrassed yourself more.

"I-I didn't mean to-"

"Hey it's a natural reaction, and besides, I kinda liked what I saw," his face was an inch away from yours, "And I definitely like you."

When he connected to you, it seemed like the world stopped. The next kiss broke that illusion, by the third you were like putty in his arms. The stubble tickled your bare face, not that you minded or anything. God, you'd wanted him to hold you like this for so long.

His hand prodded between your legs and nearly got a feel for the beast below. John was fucking hot, yet as much as you wanted to bang him against the shower wall, it just wasn't the right place.

"Wait, wait a second um…"

"You ok? Too fast?"

"I… really like you. And I don't wanna mess anything up. Is it ok if we go on a date first?"

"I'd like that, Anon," John smiled and hugged you tight, not too hard though.

"Friday at seven, dinner at a steakhouse?"

"Sure thing. Hopefully that's not the only thing I'm eating out."

"John!", you laughed at the lewd remark along with him.

The two of you, despite getting touchy feely moments before, kept your distance at the showers. He'd gotten dressed before you and gave another too sweet kiss, grabbing your ass to surprise you. His ass was pretty nice too.

Friday night came around after much anticipation, a real date instead of dancing around each other. The time at the gym you two shared was such a short, sweet thing and it left you needing more. Thoughts flew in your head of his arm around your waist, his stubble itching again as you kissed, maybe even holding you tight at night.

Outside it was a cool 54°, clear skies, and a full moon. Perfect for your leather jacket, and to show it off a bit. The clock hit seven and you sat near the door until he knocked. Fifteen minutes passed, which you excused by chalking it up to date prep. After half an hour, your spirit deflated and by eight you could feel a moment of depression starting to set in.

Ghosting you after teasing you for a few weeks? What kind of asshole did that? Briefly, you considered marching over and laying into him, you were better than that though. What a fool to let yourself get played by a typical gym douche.

A crash came from John's apartment, its loudness frightening you instead of a jolt like last time. Probably drinking again, of fucking course he chose to do that on your date night. Regardless, that sounded particularly bad and had you rushing over to make sure he hadn't injured himself.

"John, are you drinking? We were supposed to go on a date!", you harshly reminded as you knocked.

A few heavy footsteps came to the door, answered by one completely nude John. Momentary shock came from spotting his.. massive fucking dick, but you were in public, so it wasn't much of a turn. He was breathing weirdly fast, and the look he gave was ragged.

"Are you fucking high?"

"Anon… I'm sorry, I just feel really sick. I can't do the date…rrrgh!", John gripped his forehead and stumbled back, falling flat on his back.

"John!", you rushed inside to help him, shutting the door so no one would see him like that.

"You need to go," he growled out, as in, actually growled like a fucking animal. What the hell was that about??

"John, I wanna help, I'll call 91-" his hand tightly gripped your arm, forcing you to drop the phone.

"No!", yellow canine eyes stared you down, sharp teeth prodding out of his lips, and thick fur sprouting from his cheeks.

"W-what the f-f-fuck," you quietly said, something that made John regret restraining you.

Letting your arm go, your neighbor stumbled away near the apartment's moonlit window and found himself on all fours. Skin quickly became covered with a dark brown fur, paws replaced feet, a massive tail sprouted out too. Sheer muscle strength overtook anything resembling the fat previously visible, and as he stood you really saw how huge he was under this new form.

At least another foot taller than his regular height. Muscles and mass enough to cramp the apartment hallways. Pointed ears sprouted out that flicked for a moment, probably detecting your stilted breathing. His fur was as fluffy as you'd expect for a fucking werewolf. A frown shaped his muzzle, low growls spilling out of him.

Wow, those balls were fucking huge.

Was this real? Pinching yourself confirmed it. John was a fucking hot werewolf.

"Holy..hell," you managed to say, still processing what you witnessed.

"Anon, leave. I don't want to hurt you," John's new voice was deeper than before, kinda..cute, which distracted from his warning.

"I'm not afraid."

"You're my prey," he growled as he bared his teeth.

"I..I think you would've eaten me already if I was,", a flitter of panic ran through your head as you challenged him.

The wolf stalked up to you, grabbing you by the arms and acting as though he would tear into you. Holding your ground, all you could do was watch him and test his will to hurt you. Flashing his teeth and growling only scared you so much, something he realized as he let you go and slinked away.

"Anon, when I see you, hear you, smell you, all I can think of is mate."

"...Sex?"

"No, mate as… as a partner. Claiming you for myself, protecting you, l-loving you. But who could ever love the beast, right?", his paw gestured to himself in shame.

Mate? Like a boyfriend? Heat pooled in your cheeks from how highly he thought of you. John turning out to be a werewolf wasn't exactly how you expected this relationship to play out. Much less on the night you were meant to go out on a date. Next time it wouldn't be with a full moon out.

"John, c'mere," you grabbed his paw, careful of the claws, and turned him back to you.

As he knelt, you took a deep breath and firmly decided, fuck it. Kissing his muzzle wasn't as bad as you expected. Strong paws held your waist while you pet his cheek and scratched behind his ear. His tail happily wagged into the furniture, almost shoving it aside.

"For the record I found the beast hot in that movie, so," you shared another kiss, "Why should I change that now?"

"You don't think I'm a monster?", a hopeful voice asked.

"You're the sweetest monster I've ever met, so you're gonna need to try harder," you gripped his paw tightly and scratched under his chin.

"Oh Anon, I'm so lucky to have you," the wolf hugged you tight, nuzzling his head into your neck.

"You're fucking adorable, you know that?"

Something wet pressed against your stomach, pointed and hard. Oh, you were gonna have fun tonight. A whine released from him when you began to stroke it out of its sheath.

"Pretty excited, huh?", you whispered in his ear.

"I.. I think I'm too big for you to really take it."

"Yeah, well I wanna try the real thing instead of that dildo I have at my place."

"..Oh", his cheek fur puffed up at your claim.

Knowing that you rode dicks like his for fun made his cock throb a few times. More needy whines spilled out as your hand judged his width and length. Yup, not too much bigger than the one at your place.

Taking him by the paw, the pent up wolf followed you back to his bed. Yellow eyes watched eagerly as you undressed, tail wagging hard as your underwear slipped free. Funny enough, he wasn't the only one with a monster cock.

…For human standards, he was still a lot thicker than you as a werewolf, and a few inches longer than your nine.

"Damn Anon, kept this hiding from me?" John gripped it and squeezed ever so gently enough to get a small moan from you.

"You're..mmmf..one to talk."

"C'mere."

John pulled you into a sloppy kiss, his wet nose an odd but expected feeling. Your hands dug into his fur, feeling his hot breath huff out as you pet him. You could tell he hadn't fucked anyone in this form, judging by how reckless he was. Not that getting a huge wolf tongue stuffed down your throat was an issue or anything.

Claws pulled your cock against his, and he started stroking you a bit excitedly. Your stifled moans erupted past the canines tongue as he slicked you up with precum. God, it was the hottest thing in the world. Maybe too hot, coming this early wouldn't be fun for either of you.

A few taps to his arm let him know to pause a moment. A trail of spit led from your mouth to the smug wolf. His claws carded through your hair as you caught your breath.

"Is it too much?"

"No, I just nearly came. Why are you so worried?", you asked as he suddenly got shy.

"I've..uh..I haven't really done any of this before. Not even as a human."

Shit, a full virgin even when he was a hunk of a guy.

"So far you're doing just fine," a kiss to his cheeks made them fluff up again.

"What are you interested in doing to me?", you asked before getting too kinky.

"Um..I like frotting, obviously. I wanna try rimming, I'd like to get a blowjob someday as well. I've never topped so I need to be careful if we try. I finger myself now and then and my chest has gotten pretty sensitive too. We can go with whatever you want."

How in the world did you hit a goddamn goldmine like this?

"We can tackle a few of those things. You can eat me out and I can get a taste of this thing," you gave his dick a good stroke before getting in position.

While you got on display, John took a few sniffs and his curiosity got the better of him. You felt a few of his claws threatening to tear into you as he spread your cheeks apart. One curious lick had you harder than a rock, the next was a long drag up your taint and against your pucker. Judging by the beads of pre leaking from his red rocket, it was going well.

"Taste good?", you asked him.

"Kinda weird but it's a good flavor."

"Good, tap my legs a few times if you have trouble breathing."

John said something that got muffled as you sat on his tongue. Whatever it was didn't matter since he was lapping up your hole like a good dog. Turns out years of practice in college still didn't prepare you for a werewolf eating you out.

The roughness of his tongue slicking up your ass spilled a stream of pre from your dick. This was better than anything you'd ever dreamed of. It was time to show him how skilled you were too.

You gripped his dick just above the knot, holding it steady for a taste. Just one swivel of your tongue across the tip made John grunt in pleasure. It swelled and hardened more as you began to bob on the pointed head. Salty pre spurted out in a few fair bursts, werewolves tasted fuckin' good. His tail wagged to and fro on the bedsheet.

Swallowing him was easier than expected, the lack of a gag reflex made this all the better. John doubled his efforts on eating you out as you bobbed farther down. When you nearly reached the knot, you felt his tongue push in. It didn't take him long to hit your prostate, and your reaction encouraged him to keep pressing there.

Holy hell, he was a fucking natural at this. 

"J-John, slow down or you're gonna make me cum," you pleaded as he continued to mercilessly feast.

You pulled away and felt his tongue lap after you like he hadn't had enough. Too bad it was a bit more overstimulating than expected, much as you'd like him to rim you for as long as he'd like. John whined like an expectant dog, even flattening his ears to beg with puppy dog eyes.

"You're so fucking cute," you whispered to him, scratching under his chin and hearing his tail thump against the bed.

A quick kiss or two more and you backed up to your prize. A few fingers of yours easily slipped inside to help spread it, good, John loosened you up well. You held them to the wolf and he gladly licked up the slick.

While he did that, you got the head of him to prod your entrance. After two or three attempts, the tip slipped in and had you gasping out. John grit his teeth while you started to slip farther down. Definitely thicker than you thought, it felt like he was spreading you apart. His knot stopped you as you cried out and settled against John.

"Anon?!", the wolf nearly shouted, trying to get himself out.

One firm press to the start of his knot let him know otherwise.

"Don't you dare pull out now", you ordered, slowly dragging yourself up and down his length.

"You feel… tight, sure you can do this?" John asked.

"Very", you replied, starting to get a good pace.

John leaned back against the bed board as you rode him, claws rubbing your arms. The thick curves of his dick hit the spot in all the right ways. Sweat glistened across you as you continued to rise and fall. A dopey grin formed on his muzzle, growing wider with every drop on him.

Your hands found his chest, and just as promised he was sensitive to tugging. His tongue flopped out as well as a few bits of begging.

"Please, please not too hard, you'll make me-"

A yelp let out as you latched to his chest, sucking a bit hard and nipping around. John growled and held you against him, starting to thrust into you as revenge. For every lick of your tongue and nip of your teeth, he fucked just a bit harder. Holy fuck, this felt amazing.

His huffs quickened as he thrust even harder, threatening to shove that fat bulb in. Heat swelled in your dick as well, neither of you had much longer. Just thinking of him breeding you nearly made you cum.

"Anon, I think I'm about to.." he didn't finish as your lips met his snout again.

A few more slower, hard thrusts, and John locked himself in you with a final shove. The feeling of it slipping in you and throbbing with every burst of cum had you shooting ropes across his brown fur. Exhausted, you sighed and cuddled up, he licked your sweaty hair to a better shape in the meantime. Kinda gross, kinda hot.

That dick was still shooting, if those twitches in you told anything.

"Are you still going?", you asked, just to be sure.

"Y-yeah, sorry…"

"Don't be, it's hot," you reassured him, snuggling up and 

"That was… that was nice," John rubbed his beans down your back.

"Yeah. You were pretty good for your first time."

"Anon, I..I love you."

"I love you too, John."

A paw pulled a blanket over you two, the wolf laid you on your side. His legs wrapped comfortably around you, nuzzling his head atop yours. Furry pecs made for pretty good pillows, you thought before drifting to sleep.