Original post: [>>47897333](https://warosu.org/vt/thread/S47889574#p47897333)
***
Combing Shu's long hair while he's busy with something on his laptop, both of you sit on his bed. He's not humming, or sighing in distress at possible mistakes he might find in whatever he's working on. Shu is always silent, still, each movement calculated. He only moves his hands and fingers to type quickly, a wall text building on his screen that you're too busy to try to read.
His hair is long and soft against your fingers as you calmly comb it, the brush straightening the wild strands. He had just woken up, and you found him fidgeting with his bangs when you walked back into his room. After a cup of tea and a short session of lazy kisses, you offered to brush his hair.
Shu laughed softly, nodding. You both know he could just do some random spell to fix his hair, but you know he enjoys these quiet and comfortable moments together. Setting the brush aside, you notice how pretty his dark hair mixes with the pink and purple locks. You wonder if his hair is like this because the sorcerer thing his family has going on. Or maybe he just...dyes it. But you're pretty sure you saw a baby picture of him once, before a very embarrassed Shu snatched the photo album off your hands, and he already had a peek of purple in his hair.
"Hey." - Snapping out of your thoughts, you look down and your eyes meet with Shu's. You didn't notice he had finished typing and set his laptop aside. He leaned back against you chest, and smiled. -"Wanna play tetris later?"