Calli had just said goodbye to her chat and fellow collab members, today they had a stream between HoloEN GEN 1 and 2, they played Among Us on the same room, Gura, Kronii and Ina were on the same stream, Calli enjoys meeting with the rest of HoloEN members in real life, but there were some she wasn't that familiarized with, especially Kronii, whose image was always been of a serious older woman to Mori, intimidated by her constant curious gazes. She was going home, but she decided to go to the mall to do some shopping. First, though, she had to heed the call of nature and find a ladies room. She found one and headed towards an empty stall. She was about to latch the stall door when Calli was startled by a woman barging into the same stall, pushing her hand aside, and closing the latch behind the both of them. Mori, surprised to see Kronii following her, couldn't help but gasp at the situation, Kronii was with her just some minutes ago during the collab and the shock made her unable to move or react for a moment, almost as if she wanted Kronii to enter the stall she just picked.

"I need to use the toilet," Kronii said in a strong, cool voice. She was older than the rest of the HoloEN members, large, plump, an elephant in a room. But right away Calli sensed a power about her, unable to resist the outrageousness of someone forcing herself into the stall Calliope was just about to use. Her head was spinning. There was something about toilet stalls in public restrooms that somehow had really begun to turn her on. In fact she couldn't wait for Gura and the rest of the HoloEN members to leave so she could find herself a ladies room. She loved to sit herself down and relieve her needs, think about peeing and shitting, listen to all the other women doing the same, and take in the mix of earthy aromas. And what she lately seemed to love most of all was when the ladies room and the stalls were messy and funky, not spic and span. This one fit the bill. The mall was old and the ladies rooms were poorly maintained and infrequently cleaned. And for Mori that was just the way she wanted it.

But the last thing she expected was for Kronii to force herself into a stall she was about to use, and to lock the both of them inside it. And now, matter-of-factly this older woman pulled down her leggings, then pulled down her panties, and planted her bare ass down on the toilet seat.

"You're welcome to watch," Kronii said, looking up at Mori with a strong, commanding, but warm gaze, "in fact, I insist on it."

Her heart pounding in her chest, Calli looked down and was amazed to see that Kronii had a nice, thick bush of pubic hair between her legs. Seeing that made her pounding heart skip a beat. She had a fetish for women with hair down there, between their legs. Ina asked her to shave her own pussy, and these days, she knew, most HoloJP and Nijisanji shaved down there. But she'd heard a lot of lesbian VTubers didn't, didn't shave there or under their arms. And she'd also heard a lot of them liked to stay natural in other ways. That had begun to turn her on so much, thinking about the natural body smells of women, unwashed, sweaty, funky, even unwiped after they did their thing. Maybe this cute little babe sitting on the toilet with her jeans and panties pulled down was one of these "natural" dykes. God, the idea of that really excited Mori.

"Here I go," Kronii said, a sassy, almost lewd smile curling up on her lips as she spread her legs wider and suddenly let go of a powerful gush of diarrhea, obviously keen and eager to show off to the little wigger, to her friend. "I really need to shit!"

Calliope suddenly became delirious with arousal and excitement and could feel how wet she was instantly becoming down there. Was this magic? Could this woman have read her mind? Lately, while her HoloEN GEN 1 members were streaming, Calliope has spent many hours at the ghetto searching for public toilets with women pissing and shitting. She didn't know quite why, but nothing she'd ever seen had turned her on as much. And now she was watching it in the flesh, her friend Ouro Kronii pissing, shitting for her, for Mori.

"Come down and have a closer look," Kronii purred sexily, pointing down. And like a zombie who could do nothing but obey, Calli dropped to her knees, kneeling on the sticky, dirty tile floor of the toilet stall, her face only inches from the bushy cunt spewing urine.

"Closer," Kronii said, wrapping a hand around the back of Calliope's head and bringing her face right to her pussy. Mori's mouth opened and suddenly she had a mouthful of piss. She thought she would faint. Could this really be happening! Something so utterly unexpected? So deliciously depraved? But it was happening. There she was down on her knees, her mouth wide open as a her friend urinated between her willingly and eagerly open lips and into her mouth. She drank down as much as she could and more spilled out of her mouth and down over her white and blue dress she was wearing. Now that beautiful dress had piss spilling down all over it.

"You like the taste of my piss?" Kronii said in a husky whisper. And Mori couldn't help wondering if there were other girls in the ladies room who could hear them, who could see under the door that there was a woman inside the stall, kneeling, facing the toilet! The possibility was lusciously obscene! All Mori could do with her face pressed between Kronii's sleek, smooth thighs was look up at Kronii as she pissed in her mouth and on her face, and nod, yes, yes I do like the taste of your piss! I fucking love it!

It seemed like it took forever, a wonderful forever that Calli wished would never end, but finally Kronii's piss turned from a gushing, powerful stream, to a more modest flow, to a trickle.

"Guess what I have to do now?" Kronii said teasingly. And Calliope's heart skipped another beat as she guessed to herself, wondering if that could possibly happen also. Could it be that this alluring old woman sitting on the toilet in front of Mori's kneeling body would not only piss but also – shit!?

"To—to—crap? To shit?" Mori whispered, her voice quavering with excitement, her mind reeling at the sheer unbelievability of what was happening to her here, here in this toilet stall.

"Exactly!" Kronii smirked, "I need to shit. I really need to shit out a fat one. I can feel it. And I want you to have a good close up view; I want you to enjoy my shit."

And so now, with Mori still kneeling there, Kronii lifted herself up off the toilet seat and turned around on it so that her bare ass was staring Calli right in the face. As Kronii turned, Mori's gaze drifted for a moment to the stall wall. There, scrawled crudely with a marker pen were the words "eat my funky nigga' pussy," and just below the words, a crude drawing of a pussy. To Mori the filthy words scrawled on the side of the filthy stall where her friend had just pissed in her mouth sent a new shiver of twisted desire racing through her body. She had so many fantasies. Toilet fantasies were just the latest. Often she fantasized about servicing the sweaty cunts of older black girls and so to see those words now, kneeling in this stall in front of a sexy lesbian would was about to shit, just electrified her. She imagined some nasty black girl, maybe some real sexy and young ghetto bitch, sitting on this same toilet, pissing and shitting and writing those words, an invitation to women like Calli, white women who craved raw and raunchy black pussy, sweaty bushes, female body wastes.

Kronii lifted her ass off the seat a few inches and reached back to hold herself open. Now Mori found herself staring right at her asshole, puckered and flared, ready to unload. God, her anus was vivid, so tempting. And below it the thick matte of her pubic bush glistened with the dewy drops of urine still adhering to the unwiped pussy.

"Lick it, taste it, if you'd like. It'll help me shit," Kronii said, craning her neck and looking down at the kneeling Calli with a sultry smile. It had been a long, long while since Calli had been intimate with another woman. VTubing and her music career had put an end to those escapades. Now all she had were her fantasies. But she could still keenly remember some very tasty experiences from the past where she eagerly dug her tongue not only into the cunts of other girls, but into their assholes. And now her coworker she just met a couple months ago, who had just barged into her toilet stall and forced herself down on it, exposing her bare ass, was asking Mori to lick that ass, telling her that, as a reward, she would shit after she licked it!

Admitting to herself that she now suddenly felt like a slave to that ass, a trim smooth ass which was appealingly rounded, but more womanly than girlish, like the ass of a woman that got married and had many kids, Mori pressed her tongue into the humid crack and dug it into Kronii's asshole, her fucking shithole, for godsakes! Did she hesitate? Anything but! She snaked her eager, greedy tongue into the sweaty, rubbery hole with a relish that amazed her. With all those toilet fantasies that had been churning in her head lately, she could not have dreamt up anything more torrid than this – finding herself "trapped" in a dirty toilet stall with this cute old woman, probably a lesbian, a somewhat stranger to her, someone who had just pissed in her mouth and was now offering Calliope her ass to eat as a prelude to shitting.

She lapped away at the puckered sphincter as Kronii sighed softly, obviously enjoying the devoted oral attention. Then Kronii reached back with a hand and gently pushed Mori's face away.

"Watch this, here's something for you," Kronii said as Mori stared straight ahead at the glistening asshole, now slick with her saliva. Slowly, but dramatically, that shithole began to open and brown revealed itself. The ladies room was brightly lit and so even here, between the walls of the toilet stall, everything was nice and vivid. Kronii grunted softly as she slowly pushed out the promised "fat log." Especially coming out of such a trim ass, the tip of that turd seemed really thick. Mori's unblinking eyes were riveted on the sight, riveted in amazement, as only inches from her face this woman, this toilet invader began to squeeze out a fat log of shit for her viewing pleasure.

"Kiss it! Lick it! Suck on it!" Kronii hissed softly. And not just for her viewing pleasure, it seemed! Now Mori's heart really began to thump in her chest! She had fantasized about just this, amazed that her feverish mind could conjure up thoughts of such extreme filth and excitement. And now here, suddenly, the opportunity presented itself.

There was now maybe two inches of brown shit log sticking out of Kronii's hole, that puckered hole stretched and wrapped around the girth. And "fat" sure did describe the turd. This one sure could've been described as a "log," a big, thick one, as Kronii herself had guessed. And who'd sense it better than the shitter herself, the one who was about to expel it from her own rectum. A strange comparison now came to Mori's mind as she brought her lips closer; this turd was thicker than her past boyfriends' cocks when erect, much thicker.

She kissed it, then kissed it again, her eager lips meeting the surface of another woman's shit, warm and freshly squeezed out of her ass. She kissed it and kissed and kissed it and kissed it with a passion that astounded her. Then out came her tongue, her viperish, greedy tongue, which she dragged hungrily over the bumpy greasy surface, savoring the texture, the taste. And then she wrapped her lips around the log, sucking it into her mouth, dragging her lips around the length until those lips met the dilated shithole, Mori's lips now kissing Kronii's stretched anal "lips," as she sucked on her shit.

"Mmmmmmh, oh yes, please do it," Kronii cooed like a contented kitten, "suck on my shit, you shit-lover!"

And that's just what Mori did, kneeling there as Kronii held her cheeks wide open, the tip of a turd snaking out of her ass and now engulfed by Mori's mouth!

"Now I'm going to squeeze out the rest. Put your hand under it and hold it, it's going to be a big one, a really big one," Kronii promised as a thrilled Mori held the open palm of her hand under the tip and then, suddenly – with the tip of the log still between her lips -- Mori felt Kronii squeeze the rest of the log out of her shithole in one smooth expulsion, the long log coming out of her ass like a fat brown snake, resting warm and heavy in Mori's hand. With her lips still clamped around its end, Calli watched in amazement as Kronii expelled the full turd into her hand, amazed at its immense size, its heft, its greasy warmth, its musky, somehow intoxicating aroma.

Now Kronii turned again and sat on the toilet, facing Mori, watching her holding the log and sucking it hungrily, obediently. Their eyes met, their lust-filled eyes, Kronii staring at Mori with a commanding and yet tender and appreciative gaze. After all, this woman, this mess of a woman into whose toilet stall she had barged was down on her knees, willingly, eagerly sucking on a big brown log of Kronii's shit.

"That's it, suck it! Suck my shit!" Kronii urged Mori as she sucked it greedily with a passion and desire she hadn't shown for her life for years. Holding it in her hand, she sucked more and more of it into her mouth, her tongue swirling around the greasy surface as she drew it in deeper into her mouth. Her mouth was filled with the thick turd, its tip, which Mori had watched emerge from Kronii's asshole only minutes ago, now pressed against the back of Mori's throat. Like a piece of hard chocolate you'd put in your mouth, the turd began to slowly melt as Mori sucked it like that, the dissolving shit mixing with her saliva. Somehow, that fact, as much as anything, made her delirious with excitement -- the mixing of two women's essences – spit and shit – now fusing in her mouth.

Kronii happily watched Calliope hold the log and lick and suck it with frenzied desire. Other women had sucked her strap-on dildos, and a very few her shit, but none with the ravenous hunger that this woman showed, down on her knees, sucking away. Now Kronii reached down to lift up Mori's rather stylish skirt and tucked it into the waistband so it stayed up. Under the skirt, Kronii was surprised to see Calli wearing what looked like a pair of black silk bikini-cut panties and, with those panties, garter and hose. As a jeans-and-sweater kind of lesbian Kronii didn't get to see much of such very "girly" attire. Maybe Mori dressed this way for her entertainment, or maybe because that's how she wanted to feel feminine. There were many ways, Kronii knew, for a woman to "feel" her own feminine essence, or to appreciate another woman's.

Now, as Mori kept on happily mouthing the log, sucking it, running her tongue over it as it sat in her mouth, Kronii reached down to pull Mori's panties down below her knees. Looking down she could see that the mess of a woman's cunt was trimmed, but not entirely shaved. Kronii smiled to herself, knowing that cunt was due for a surprise, a big, messy surprise.

"Give it to me now," Kronii said, extending a hand and taking hold of the shit log sticking out of Mori's mouth. she surrendered the succulent brown morsel, wondering what was next in this outrageously depraved episode. With a wink and lewd, knowing smile on her face, Kronii carefully took hold of her own turd, moistened now with Calliope's saliva, and brought that turd down between Mori's legs, resting the fat, greasy log of shit right on the crotch of Mori's pulled-down silk panties. Then she hiked the panties back up in place so that the log of shit held in the crotch was pressed right into Mori's pussy.

"Oh my god!" Calli gasped, shocked by what Kronii had just done. As shocking as everything had been from the moment Kronii stormed into the stall, this may've been the most shocking thing of all, to have her turd wedged into the crotch of Mori's panties and then the have the shit-ladened crotch of those panties pushed right into Calli's own cunt! The sensation was astounding. Calli had had many things pressed against her pussy, but never a fat greasy log of another's woman's shit, a log she had just licked and sucked.

"Like the way that feels?" Kronii asked.

"I love it!" Mori gasped almost breathlessly.

"You'll like this even more," Kronii said with a wicked smile, smacking her hand up between Mori's legs, pressing up into the shit-filled crotch and thereby mashing and smearing the shit into Mori's cunt. Calli, down her knees with Kronii's hand between her legs, working the shit caught in those panties deeper into her pussy, was breathing so hard she thought she might faint. In her wildest, most extreme and most obscene daydreams and fantasies she had imagined something like this being done to her and now it really was being done, for real, and not just in her depraved, kink and filth-filled mind.

"Look at this," Kronii said holding up her hand, smudged all brown from having packed shit into Mori, "my hand is all filthy; I need to clean it off. Maybe I should clean it off on… this,"

And then with a lewd and commanding sneer, though one touched with affection, she wiped her dirty hand clean on Mori's freshly bought boutique top, already splattered and soaked with Kronii's urine.

"I can't believe this is happening to me," Mori whispered in a broken voice, but in a voice that said both 'I can't believe it's happening' and 'I am the luckiest woman on this planet that it is happening. Happening to me!'

Now Kronii turned again and seductively pushed her bare ass out again in Mori's face, holding herself open so Mori could see the messy, brown, shitty wedge.

"Lick me clean," Kronii said, turning to Calli with a smile that made it seem like these two women had known each other for ages, rather than just having met half a year ago. "I need my shithole wiped clean now."

Mori was thrilled to do the wiping, snaking her tongue into the funky, greasy crack and lapping away every residue of shit that clung to Kronii's anus and to the smooth, warm folds of her trim girlish buttocks. Kronii just closed her eyes and purred softly, enjoying the exquisite sensation of Mori's eager tongue lapping away with loving care at her grimy, filthy shithole.

Then Kronii turned and looked at Mori. She looked priceless, her eyes bright and alive with volcanic arousal and electrifying excitement. Her lips, her chin, her cheeks were smudged and smeared with Kronii's shit. Kronii smiled, smiled warmly and in a manner that could be mistakenly took as malicious in any movie, and drew Mori closer, drew Mori's lips to her own. And then they kissed, the two women, the one who shit and the one who luxuriated in the other woman's shit. Lips opened, tongues met in a kiss that reached to the bottom of both women's souls. Could there be anything more intimate than this? Could there be a deeper shedding of taboos? Kronii savored the kiss. Mori's mouth was like a hot, humid swamp, her saliva mixed with Kronii's shit and still holding the scent of her urine. The two women clung to each other and kissed and kissed and kissed, their raw passions unleashed here in this toilet stall.

"Just look at you, my scat vixen! I love tasting my shit on you," Kronii whispered tenderly as she finally pulled away, pulled away and gazed at the other woman, a woman who had become in only minutes both slave and lover. A string of brown, shitty saliva hung between those lips as their lips parted. And the bond which cemented the slavery and the love both was shit and piss, what most would call no more than body wastes, but what both Kronii and Mori knew were earthy, womanly essences.

"And now let's go back inside the mall and let me buy you a nice top to replace the one I soiled," Kronii said, taking Mori by the hand and leading her out of the stall and out of the ladies room, a fat clump of Kronii's shit trapped between Mori's legs, her face and her clothes smudged and smeared and soiled with Kronii's wastes, there for all to see as Kronii led Mori away by the hand and into the world…