A very eager Gryphon (for /gmad)

The two of them had spent a decent amount of time traveling together. The  pair tended to frequent a few towns in particular as they delivered items either by air or, preferably on foot. Tyler was a simple businessman that delivered goods to his clientele, but his livelihood wouldn't be possible without his gryphon companion.

When the weather wasn't an issue, the two didn't mind traveling on foot. They tended to stick to roads, but every now and then took scenic routes through dense forests, it was nice to enjoy each other's company every now and then. When they had to travel to towns in a nearby southern region, sometimes they even stopped by a nearby beach just to camp out at night. Often, the gryphon seemed to enjoy quiet evening strolls, letting his mind wander while Tyler cooked meals.  

Alec was a moderate size for his species. Standing on his hind legs, he easily reached seven feet, but was only four and a half feet tall on all four legs. His complexion left most people confused and awe stricken, considering the upper half of his body was light brown, and the bottom half was a darker shade of black. The contrast left the Gryphon with some very deep, concerns when traveling before he met Tyler. He always had some underlying fear that he would be hunted for sport, but all those worries were laid to rest when Tyler expressed an interest. From the top of his head to the bottom of his claws, the Gryphon had a very calm and expressive demeanor, everything except for his intense, yellow eyes, which Tyler could have sworn he saw get slightly brighter at night. 

Maybe it was night vision. Maybe he was imagining things. 

The two were an odd pair to say the least, but they enjoyed each other's company. Things were a little awkward starting out, but the two bonded quickly during their regular travels and evenings spent near campfires. 

It all started one night when Tyler jokingly used Alec's chest a pillow. The gryphon was startled at first, but quickly got used to Tyler sleeping on him. Sometimes Tyler would absent-mindedly reach up and rub the gryphon's neck while they recounted the day's events. And likewise, Alec found himself "hugging" Tyler protectively with his wings or talons while they sometimes slept. Often, the gryphon would joke and tease Tyler while hugging him, almost wishing he would do something about it, but the situation never arose. Tyler would play along, using every opportunity he could to feel up the Gryphon, he let his hands wander as far as he dared go, usually stopping right above his inner thigh. He couldn't help but notice how muscular the gryphon was some nights. Every now and then he would feel the gryphon shudder when he rubbed certain spots and watched him struggle to keep a straight face. The gryphon's arms and midsection were particularly solid under the layers of soft feathers, and for some reason, were extra sensitive. 

Tyler took his time slowly caressing Alec's chest, using his fingers to reach the deeper tissue, they had been traveling all day, after all. They sat together like they often did, staring up at the stars and enjoying each other's company. It was good a night as ever, since they decided to set up camp in a small clearing. Tyler was resting on Alec, like usual, when the gryphon shifted his body ever so slightly, causing Tyler to lose his balance and fall on top of him. He looked up at the Gryphon, who returned his gaze with a smug grin. Somewhat annoyed, Tyler spoke up, "What was that for, you oversized chicken?" the gryphon stuck his tongue out in a bout of satisfaction and replied, "Well, this way, I don't have to pretend I don't like it when you feel me up." he let his sentence trail off, trying to gauge the flustered human's reaction below him. He loosely hugged Tyler while letting the tension build for a moment before continuing, "besides, it's not like I'm complaining." 

He froze.   

Doing his best to act surprised, Tyler started struggling against the Gryphon's grip, but it was no use, he had him right where he wanted. Being careful not to accidentally kick the gryphon, he attempted to get away from Alec as he was being brought closer to the gryphon's face. He froze when he saw the gryphon's intense, yellow eyes glaring down at him, as if he was silently challenging him to do something. He watched his pupils slightly widen with anticipation or lust, he couldn't tell which, only to realize that Alec had started panting. Tyler was more shocked, but somewhat relieved that it had come to this. 

Most importantly, he had to decide what he was going to worship first...

He laid on top of him, just enjoying the sight of a sexually frustrated gryphon glaring down at him. He felt oddly comfortable on top of the gryphon's chest. He tilted his head up and started kissing Alec's neck. He took his time, as Alec loosened his grip just enough for Tyler to raise his arms and caress the gryphon's arms and neck. 

He heard Alec start to shudder and whine and stopped him with a kiss. He lovingly caressed the back of the gryphon's neck while he sucked on the gryphon's thick tongue. Alec kissed him back greedily, only stopping to lick Tyler's neck. Tyler continued to kiss Alec's neck, teasing the gryphon while doing so. "oh fuck" he gasped, "you really want this bad, don't you?" The gryphon grunted in a disapproving tone, then chuckled softly. "Hey, you were the one sniffing me all week." 

They kissed for a few more agonizingly long moments, before Alec let Tyler break free from his grasp. He finally stood up, doing nothing to hide the imprint of his fat dick straining against his pants. "Well ain't that a pretty sight" the gryphon teased while looking him up and down. "Lose the clothes and get back over here...I got something else for you to kiss" he shifted his body weight, partially sat up and spread his thighs while gesturing to his sheathe. 

He wasn't about to pass up an opportunity like this... 

Tyler stripped. then slowly walked over, doing his best to ignore the initial panic and confusion about the entire situation. He kneeled in front of the Gryphon, trying to decide where he was going to focus on first. Alec gently ran a claw through his hair while he started kissing his outer thigh. He slowly made his way toward his stomach, slowing down when he got to his sheathe. He used two fingers to lightly spread the gryphon's puffy sheathe and used his other hand to fondle his balls. He could almost fit them both in the palm of his hand. He lowered his head and gave the gryphon's balls a quick sniff before slowly dragging his tongue from the underside of his sack all the way to his sheathe. He could just barely see the tip of the gryphon's dick peeking out before he felt the gryphon's hand push him back down towards his balls. "No, not yet." Alec said, smugly. "My balls need more attention..." he trailed off while lightly wrapping his thighs around Tyler's head "Besides, I know you can't help yourself."

That was all it took.

Tyler buried his nose into the gryphon's sack and inhaled deeply. "Holy shit" he whispered to himself while he continued to worship the gryphon. He started out with slow kisses when he wasn't inhaling Alec's musk. Eventually he started slowly using his tongue. It must have caught the gryphon off guard, because he leaned back ever so slightly and started panting again. He kept this up for some time, doing his best to get the gryphon to start moaning from the gentle tounging his balls were getting. He let one ball fall into his mouth and gently sucked on it, causing the gryphon to mutter "oh fuck" before leaning back further, exposing his firm ass and tailhole. 

Seeing how far he could press his luck, Tyler started kissing the gryphon's sack again, and slowly started making his way down lower and lower, until he  got to his asshole. The gryphon let out a very uncharacteristic yelp before removing his thighs from around Tyler's head, slightly backing up and rolling over. 

Tyler grinned while he watched the gryphon struggle to stand up. He must have been doing something right based on how shaky his knees were. He could also see that the gryphon was only half-hard, but leaking an absurd amount of precum. Based on the fat knot that was still stuck in his sheathe, he couldn't help but wonder how much stamina this gryphon had. He watched the gryphon's dick throb in anticipation as he walked over with a smug look on his face. "Oh, that's what you're into, huh?" he asked before pointing at him with an extended claw. "Get on your back. Now." 

Tyler did as he was told, wondering just what the gryphon had planned for him. He couldn't help but shudder when the gryphon approached him, then stood over him. He winced when he felt the gryphon's pre-cum splatter over his chest and stomach. He could feel the gryphon's breath on his dick. 

"Start eating."

Trying to process what Alec said, Tyler started to talk, but was cut off when the gryphon sat on his face. He felt the gryphon adjust his hips slightly so he didn't put all his weight on him. Tyler started kissing Alec's tight hole, using as much tounge as possible. He made sure to alternate between kissing and licking, doing his best to get start getting into a rhythm. "Ah...fuck...don't stop!" the gryphon moaned, doing his best not to push into Tyler's face too hard. He kept going, using his tongue to trace over every inch before forcing it in the gryphon's tailhole, slowly teasing the sensitive inner muscle. Tyler kept going, doing whatever it took to make this last as long as possible. He loved it. He loved the gryphon's ass on his face, the gryphon's precum he could feel pooling up on his own chest, and just how submissive he felt in the moment. 

The gryphon slowly raised his ass up, stretched his front legs out, and folded his feet under his calves. The gryphon's ass was right in Tyler's face. He still had the freedom to move his arms and hands. He took this brief moment to bring his hands up to the gryphon's firm, toned ass and spread his cheeks apart. He squeezed his ass a few times, then slapped it. "H...holy fuck..." Alec panted. "L-Let me know when you catch your breath-" before Alec could finish his sentence, Tyler continued teasing the gryphon's sensitive hole with his tongue. He spread his cheeks even wider and started kissing the gryphon's tailhole, speeding up as the gryphon's panting got louder. He continued until his jaw started to get sore, and tried to adjust himself under the gryphon's weight. Tyler watched the gryphon stand up partially, only to sit on his face again.

This time he could really feel the gryphon pushing back in time with his kisses. Before the gryphon got carried away, he reached around and felt for the gryphon's stiff cock. He grasped it firmly and heard the gryphon let out a low moan. "Hey, what areyou- hnnng", he barked. He couldn't even speak when Tyler started pumping his dick, slowly. It was just incoherent gasps with partial words here and there, like the gryphon was poorly attempting to communicate. He did his best to shift his weight off of Tyler's face, and actually squawked when he felt Tyler grab his sheathe and pull the sensitive skin back, exposing his fat knot. 

Tyler felt a massive rope of pre-cum mixed with cum land on his foot. He grabbed the base of the gryphon's fat cock and slowly squeezed it as his hand slid towards the tip, causing even more precum to dribble out. This forced Alec to raise his hind legs, trying his best to warn Tyler in between moans. Gravity caused it to drip down towards the gryphon's sack. Tyler licked it up greedily, while Alec started blushing harder than he could remember in the past couple months. He positioned himself so he was on his knees in front of the gryphon's ass. He used one hand to spread his ass and another to make a ring with his fingers around the base of Alec's fat knot. He started licking the gryphon's tailhole again, much faster this time while he ever so lightly tugged with his other hand, putting even more pressure on the base of the gryphon's knot. 

Tyler felt the gryphon's legs shift, and paused. He could tell Alec was close, he felt his dick start to throb and stuck his tongue as far in the gryphon's hole as he could. "OH FUUUUUCK-", Alec moaned, finally giving in as he climaxed. His tailhole squeezed around Tyler's tongue while his orgasm coursed through his entire body. A few massive ropes shot out of his fat cock, covering Tyler's left foot in a ridiculous amount of jizz. Some of it even dribbled out onto his chest and thighs. Not even half-way over, he started shuddering when Tyler gave his knot an extra squeeze, forcing him to spray a particularly large rope that lasted for 5 seconds, only to dribble out and flare up a second, then third time.    

When he thought it was over, Tyler slid his tongue back out, then gave the Gryphon's cock one last pump from the base to the tip, making sure he was completely milked dry. By the time the gryphon wearily took a few steps away, most of his lower body was completely drenched in gryphon cum. For all he knew, he was laying in a small puddle of it as well. He could even feel it on the back side of his legs. 

Tyler took the opportunity to sit down, thinking it was over, he started to stretch, only to stop when he realized Alec was turning around and walking towards him, only to collapse face first in front of Tyler's still hard dick. "Your...turn...", he paused to try and catch his breath. The gryphon propped himself on his front legs and brought his face in even closer. Still panting, Alec wrapped his tongue around Tyler's dick and started stroking it. Tyler started to protest, even going as far as to try and push the gryphon's head away with his hands. 

This only made the gryphon go faster, expertly using his tongue to squeeze his shaft and tease his sensitive head. The leftover load from earlier, the gryphon's spit and Tyler's own precum made the gryphon's tongue  slide effortlessly around Tyler's dick. 

He didn't even bother trying to hold off. He had been fantasizing about something like this for weeks. He grabbed the back of the gryphon's head and shoved his dick in. It slid in his throat effortlessly while he came. Alec even looked up at him and made eye contact while he swallowed. After the final rope, he weakly pulled out of the gryphon's throat, wincing when Alec decided to start "cleaning" his sensitive dick with his tongue. He tried to move away from him, but the gryphon lightly pinned him down with his front legs, being careful not to scratch him. Making a dramatic showing of his skills, he slowly dragged his tongue up and down Tyler's softening dick, not even caring that he was leaving a bunch of drool on Tyler's stomach and thighs.  

It was only twenty seconds, but by the time the gryphon was done, Tyler was on the verge of collapsing. Both of them just laid there, trying to gain their composure for a few minutes. Tyler patted Alec's head softly before standing up. He figured he might as well clean up before he passed out. "Alright" he said while motioning to a nearby river. "Let's go rinse off." 

Too tired to even speak, Alec simply shook his head and strolled over. By the time they were finished, the sun had just finished setting, and Tyler fell asleep on top of Alec.
