You wake up, though Fubuki is still fast asleep, lying mostly naked by the bedside, morning rays reflecting on her pale skin. A captivating sight, one that you could never really could get used to. Her sleeping face, silky white fur and defenseless figure. And yet, something is strange. Not about her, but within you. This desire, intense, eating you from inside. A desire to violate this beautiful figure.

Though you had laid with her many times in your relationship, it was always a mutual act of love, or lust. But now, consent isn't given, and something about that, on this particular morning, rubbed you in a strange away.

Of course, you couldn't force yourself on your wife. Such vile act would be barbarous at best. So you decide to violate her in another way. Fubuki always mentions how hard it is to groom her fur, and explicitly says during sex to avoid getting any fluids on it. You figured that'd be a good place as any, a harmless act, though defiling all the same. Fubuki prides herself in her pristine fur, and you were taking out your hardening at the thought member to stroke against it.

It isn't hard to get aroused, her nearly naked figure is a treat to the eyes. You slowly uncover her body by removing the blanket from atop her, letting you see from her perky, barely clothed breasts all the way down to her silky smooth thighs and below. You grab your cock with one hand, reaching for her back with the other and ever so carefully undoing the hooks of her bra. Without sudden movements, already stroking yourself off, listening to only the gentle sounds of breathing as she sleeps, you take off one side of her bra, revealing her firm, fairly sized breast and pink nipple. The sight is enough to get you extremely aroused. You increase the intensity in your stroking.

Fubuki suddenly moves around, going from being on her side to being on her back. The removed side of her bra falls back onto her breast, covering it in an ill fitting, thoroughly erotic way that just about lets you see the edge of her nipple. You look at her hand, one atop her navel, the other on the bed, right next to you. Very slowly you lean forward, rubbing your member against the fingers of her hand, then inserting it into her palm and thrusting back and forth, letting the smoothness and warmth of her skin to satisfy you.

As you continue to rub yourself against her palm, your gaze shifts to her black laced panties, transparent in several regions of the fabric. It was a gift from you to her, erotic underwear for her to wear on the daily. She did not hesitate to accept your request, but now, it was time to take them off.

You wrap your finger under the fabric, being careful as to not brush against her sensitive skin too much. Fubuki groans a bit, almost as if waking up, but alas, nothing happens. You pull down her underwear, just enough to see her erotic thigh gap, and the very edge of her defenseless slit. Your hand tightens around your cock, pumping your hips into it as you simultaneously stroke yourself off with speed. You were getting close, seeing her naked though not quite, sleeping soundly whilst you rubbed yourself against her body without her consent, it gave you a high different from any other.

Your target wasn't forgotten. You turn your eyes to her silky tail, resting besides her thigh, running all the way down to her knee. You brush your hand against it, feeling the smoothness of her fur. Then, as you feel yourself getting closs, you kneel forward on the bed, getting your member as close as possible to her tail. Soon, with a silent grunted moan, you begin blasting, covering her prestigious fur with your defiling warm seed. The stickiness immediately ruins the fur, forming wet clumps as you shoot rope after rope of hot cum.

As your orgasm subsides, you stare at your work. Her tail, completely and thoroughly ruined, at least for a day or two. Warm seed runs down the fur, reaching into the deeper parts of her tail and sticking it together. As a final act, you squeeze the base of your cock and stroke out the remaining drops of your load against her hair and unto her face. Fubuki whinces at the warm load hitting her face, but doesn't wake up. You knew she was a heavy sleeper, so such a thing wouldn't be enough to bother her.

Satisfied with your work, you reach over the counter for your phone and take a picture of her sorry state before the cum turns from sticky to liquid, keeping that image as a remembrance of this perfect moment, as your cum glistens in the light, barely visible in her white hair, though your great volume of sperm is large enough to stain her hair noticeably so.

You get up from bed and go take a shower, ready for anything the day would have to throw at you.