wip /gmad/ sub incubus delivery guy greentext
Based on this pic: https://desu-usergeneratedcontent.xyz/trash/image/1670/02/1670029741294.jpg
(will update link to lead to artist's twatter later)

\>Friday evening
\>decide to order a pizza
\>briefly consider adding a "Send your cutest delivery boy"
\>nah, that's a bit creepy
\>20 minutes later, ding dong
\>are you sure you did not send that note?
\>OP's pic related stands in the door in an employee uniform
\>he looks smiling and has a piercing, warm gaze
\>immediate stomach butterflies
\>"Hello, sir, here's your pizza!"
\>the voice is both gravelly and guttural but chippery, friendly and bubbly
\>"H-hi, hello, how much do I owe you?"
\>you feel your cheeks begin to warm up
\>"fourteen ninety-nine, including everything."
\>you give him a $20 note
\>"Keep... the change," you babble out
\>the skull can indeed smile
\>"Thank you, sir. Enjoy!"
\>you notice his tail slowly waggling side to side
\>is he happy? entertained?
\>he turns to leave
\>"Hol- Hold on, sorry, are you new?"
\>"Yep, I drive weekday afternoons and evenings."
\>"Nice, well, see you then!"
\>hope that didn't come across as weird
\>he did look a bit... amused there?
\>close the door and shake your head to clear it
\>what the hell was wrong with you?
\>the pizza was great though

\>you order pizza from that place weekly (at least) now
\>most of the time, it's him who delivers it
\>you always tip well
\>he's always friendly, stary, and tail waggling
\>"Let me guess, salami, habanero and mascarpone as usual?"
\>"Haha, yeah."
\>he's usually pretty busy to chit chat
\>you begin to exchange a few pleasant words anyway
\>the name's Cain
\>there was an event known as the Earth Summoning about fifty years ago
\>as a result, demons and angels from beyond have begun to wander the planet
\>he arrived thirty-seven years ago
\>but it's only been the past few years that he's interacted with human society
\>he likes to juggle service jobs to get to know people
\>the other half of his time he deals with things from beyond, whatever that is
\>he finds humans odd and interesting
\>some are angry and agitated, others are polite and romantic
\>he prefers the latter ones

\>a couple deliveries later, you bring up the courage
\>"Hey, Cain, when does your shift end on Friday?"
\>"Why?"
\>his eyes flash a little
\>the butterflies you've managed to get rid of until now are back
\>"I- I thought... Unless you get sick of pizza, I thought if you wanted to grab some for dinner?"
\>"At your place?"
\>"Yes, uh-huh. Y-Yeah."
\>his tail's slow waggle stops
\>he tilts his head a little with his piercing... comforting stare
\>tail starts waggling, faster now
\>"We take last order at ten, so maybe by eleven I could be here if I deliver to you last?"
\>"Okay, that sounds great."
\>you smile and sigh
\>there's a brief moment of silence before Cain breaks it
\>"Sorry, I have a bunch of deliveries to do. So, this Friday later than usual?"
\>"Yeah! And, wait, what pizza do you want?"
\>he smiles warmly
\>"Spicy salami, habanero, mascarpone... and some extra cayenne pepper and chilli oil."
\>he flicks his tongue and waves for bye

\>your apartment is already cosy, just needs a bit of cleaning
\>how do you prepare? what are your expectations?
\>what even could be faux pas that could come up with a demon?

---

\>alright, it's time to do a little bit of prep work
\>tidying up the apartment... that can wait
\>google demon dating advice instead
\>"Incubi often prefer casual but intimate hook-ups"
\>"They usually don't look for long-term exclusive romantic relationships, instead preferring 'friends with benefits' for semi-casual encounters leaning more towards caring and romantic."
\>"If they're looking for a one night stand or fully casual stranger sex, they are very open about that."
\>"Of course, this is a generalisation and doesn't apply fully to every demon."
\>interesting

\>okay, what about first date tips?
\>"There isn't much difference in dates with incubi and with humans."
\>"The main one is that sex on first date is a norm and not an exception."
\>"The concept of a date in general can be a bit fuzzy due to demons' generalised relationship expectations."

\>look up how to not cause a faux pa
\>"Awkward moments are fairly easy to avoid."
\>"One thing to not do is ask about or imply sex magic feeding, as that is seen as barbaric by current-day incubi."
\>"This refers to pre-Summoning demon visitors who would seduce people to feed on their lust but also utilise rape to quench their thirst. Read more about the difference between innate and malicious seduction HERE!"
\>"An incubus will still absorb some essence during sex and will derive pleasure and sateness from it; however, it doesn't drive their actions and intentions. To imply otherwise is seen as an insult and implies breach of trust."
\>"However, if you are feeling adventurous, asking about playing with magic during intimate moments is perfectly fine! Check out our 10 tips on what spells to try out HERE!"

\>click the first link about seduction
\>"Both incubi and succubi elude a seductive aura that is fully innate and beyond their control. It is easy to identify and, optionally, resist."
\>"Feelings of lightheadedness, shyness, and/or clumsiness are normal when interacting with a demon acquintance. This is the aura's effect. The important take-away is that you are able to think clearly."
\>"Should you find yourself unable to control your thoughts or movements while not in the heat of sex, or if you suffer from mild amnesia, contact authorities immediately, as this may constitute abuse or exploitation."
\>you remember your chats with Cain clearly, so all's good
\>remembering them sends those butterflies into your stomach again

\>check the other link
\>"Incubi are the masters of sex magic, and therefore..."
\>skip around
\>you see anything ranging from utility magic like liquid magic lubrication or injury prevention, to magical bondage and S&M, to things like portals for more esoteric positions and activities
\>okay, that should probably be enough information

\>you realise you're missing some things
\>lube might not be necessary, but you'll order some just to be safe
\>do you need condoms? if so, your size is fine, but what size would he nee--
\>you don't even know if he's a top or a bottom
\>you probably should have asked somehow
\>not important right now, communication will be key though
\>throw in a box for you in the order and send it off
\>now, some refreshments to go along with the pizza
\>you'll just get some beer and wine from the store
\>maybe some snacks for later too

\>what else now?
\>probably should start by wiping off some dust
\>and throwing away those bananas that are starting to look more like blood sausages
