## Ludolf Raphael Victorius, Hero Name: Fair Marshal
Timeline, Location: Multiplayer
Career: Pro Hero
Battle, Rescue
Armored Costume
Modifiers: Popular, Athletics, Martial Arts, First Aid, Public Relations, Tactics, Vehicle Handling, Weapon, Gadget, Vehicle.
Quirk: Flood Dragon (Construct)
Complex Material, Human Personality,  High Control.
Permanent, Medium Size, Medium Range.
Variable Size.

Ludolf was a Firefighter frustrated by his inability to use his quirk for firefighting, deciding to enroll into a Hero Program to obtain a permanent permit and to make a name for himself. Donning the new name of Fair Marshal, Ludolf quickly became one of the top rising heroes of Japan. Fans say he's like a fairytale Knight, the heroism in his actions, the speed of his rescue, the safety of his shield... And perhaps his real superpower is that he has the PR skills to maintain the illusion.
Rather good at managing his own agency, quickly becoming a top rescuer and choice for schools for hero studies.
Hopes to become a Top Hero in order to help influence Quirk legislation, allowing people to use their quirks freely for non-hero work and professionaly for trusted positions like policemen. His next plan on the path to glory is striking down a villain, and he knows he has the mettle for it.

Flood Dragon is a projection from Ludolf's Quirk, a small wyvern that is able to shoot water from its mouth. It can temporarily grow much larger during rain or through effort, during which its body and jetstream is much stronger.
Its personality is much like a one would expect out of a Dragon, prideful and austere, although its not unfriendly. It is the one that advised Marshal to switch career paths and register as a pro hero.

### Items

Weapon: A Fire Axe. By now he's strong enough to bust doors with one hand, freeing his other hand for...
Gadget: A silly looking shield with the words Fire Department on it.
Tempered, fire resistant, and the handguard isn't heat conducting. A tough cookie for any villain hoping to win through the use of a fire Quirk.
Martial Arts training allows Ludolf to use both the axe and the shield rather well in combat.

Vehicle: Used to be the Firetruck driver, but there that goes. He has a quirk to compensate for the loss of it now anyways.
Bought the fastest car on the market on a budget, haul ass to problem scenes.

### Questions

> Your biggest crime-busting or people-saving moment. The kind of thing where you get a newspaper of that day and frame it in your office. What was yours? Or, if you haven’t had one of those moments yet, what would you want it to be? Stopping a giant underground crime ring? Rescuing a hundred civilians from a burning building?
> And piggybacking off of the Students’ question… what kind of hero are you?
Very sharp question, its almost like you know what I am planning. 
You've heard it, everyone. My fans already know in their hearts that I am a great hero, but I intend to prove it to all of Japan!

(Fair Marshal is a master of basic hero skills. That's Rescue, mostly. Having two linked bodies sure helps that rescue rate soar...)
(Wants to take down a +A-Class Supervillain for glory. Too honest to steal from his interns or other superheroes.)

> What kinda coffee do you like? Doin’ some market research, gotta stay ahead of the competition.
Hit me with a full Irish, please. If there isn't enough time, Black Coffee will do it.

> Which young hero do you think is worth keeping an eye on? Anyone you're interested in taking as an intern?
Good question. I'd love to guide a upcoming hero.
Hey, hero studies are coming soon, right?
(Seems Capture Cloth is a hero which would tug his heartstrings a bit, due to her past as a villain)