Jugo fights each of the students and reports back what he learned from it. As per usual he fights to learn rather than fighting to win.

>Soujyuuro Imai
Fighting Imai opened my eyes to a new way of fighting. He could read my thoughts and mastered the art of reacting to an opponents moves before they could make them. Merely blasting him away with wind wouldn't teach my anything, so I struggled against him in hand to hand combat, taking beating after beating but each time honing my reflexes until at last my thoughts ceased and for just an instant my body moved purely on reflex, countering his punch with a jab of my own. The hit actually connected. That moment of clarity made all the bruises worth it. I look forward to fighting Imai at every chance I get. Any martial artist would be envious of me for having this incredible opportunity.

>Christopher Cain
It's rare that one gets to fight a strictly superior opponent. It's almost always a mismatch in this age of quirks. Your abilities might be similar but they never work exactly the same. With Christopher it's different. He can copy my quirk exactly and another one on top of it. One time I had him use both my quirk and Chihiro's quirk simultaneously. Then I spent the next hour providing him ki. The resulting experiment produced a truly incredible opponent. I simply had no answer for it. I was outclassed in every regard. Chris was reluctant to fight me while surging with such awesome power but I insisted. Even fighting as hard as I could I didn't stand a chance, but the experience was well worth the pain. It gave me a glimpse of what I may one day be able to achieve if I learn to produce more ki and hold it in longer.

>Noah Abrams
History books often tell of battles where the commanders would position their armies to have the sun at their backs. Now I understand why. Noah is not only good for conversation, but also good as a sparring partner. It took quite a bit of convincing but I finally got him to fight me at full power, exploiting all of my weaknesses to the best of his ability. For one, those wings of his give him the mobility advantage over me in the air, something I almost never get to experience. For two, he can glow as bright as the sun whenever he wants to, blinding anyone looking at him. Any time I would aim an attack he would blind me, and any time he closed in to melee he would blind me. I'd like to say we were evenly matched but honestly unless we're fighting at night or with some heavy cloud cover I think he has me beaten. Even so, I think we both improve a great deal from being able to fight at full power as equals.

>Sandatsu Owari
He doesn't know anything about fighting and he doesn't have a quirk. Why was he let into this class again? I mean I guess he's a pretty good long distance runner so that's... something. I guess the lesson here would be that not everyone of prominence is there because of their merits. Some people just have the right connections. Don't overestimate people.

>Yui Sagara
Yui is an incredible martial artist even without her quirk. It's not just her training that sets her apart. I can tell by the way she fights she's been in real combat before. She'll take hits if it means she can get an advantage over her opponent. When I fought her I thought I was doing well. I was blowing her threads out of the air before they could reach me and dishing out more than I took. It was a ruse though. She was letting me score inconsequential hits to lure me into fighting too aggressively. I took one too many steps forward and like a bear trap snapping shut she closed in to grapple, wrapping her limbs and threads around me so tightly I couldn't move, let alone tap out. She didn't stop. She kept the hold until I passed out. Yui showed me how one defeats a stronger opponent. Technique can overcome power if applied correctly.

>Chihiro Mitsurugi
It really can't be understated just how deadly she is on the ground. Chihiro fights like she came out of the womb with a sword in each hand. There's such a beauty to the way she fights I simply can't take my eyes off it. Every movement has both fluidity and purpose. Even my enhanced reflexes are humbled by the sheer mastery of her martial techniques. When she swings her sword I can almost feel the world slow to a halt. In the space between time I see a thousand branching paths her blade could take, and in each branch a thousand more the very next instant. Within that fractal chaos Chihiro always manages to find the perfect throughline to deliver a killing blow. It's everything I've ever dreamed of. It's what I aspire to be. A true martial artist.

>Ashleigh Katsuragi
Learning from Ashleigh is a unique experience to say the least. My mind was racing just approaching her to ask to spar. I planned out all the possible conversations, set up rules for the match, and readied myself to suddenly forget at any time. I knew it wouldn't be as simple as resolving myself to charge forward no matter what. Half the purpose of our match was in predicting what the other will do and discussing the terms of victory before beginning the match. Facing Ashleigh is like playing chess with fog of war. Because of the nature of her quirk I had to review school surveillance footage after the fact to figure out what happened and where I went wrong. They say a warrior's greatest weapon is their mind. If that's true Ashleigh is a much greater warrior than she gives herself credit for.

>Victor Sigurd
While fighting Victor I learned a new application for my power I never even considered. We were in the aquatic section of the facility and during the fight Victor stayed underwater to ensure his healing factor never shut off. After the first couple minutes I wondered how he was able to stay underwater without oxygen. I myself had to keep resurfacing to breath. Then I realized his trick. Even though he couldn't breath underwater he could use his quirk passively to bypass the need for oxygen entirely. I stood still and allowed Victor to trap me in a globe of water. Just as I generated ki inside my stomach I generated air inside my lungs. It actually worked. I still needed to exhale, but inhalation was replaced entirely by my quirk. This fight taught me that I may be much better suited to aquatic operations than I initially thought.

>Edith Lee
Finding a way to learn from Edith was tricky. Basic sparring didn't make sense since with her quirk she would never fight someone in melee. Eventually we used one of the training facilities that simulated an apartment complex. The long hallways and numerous doors made the fight more about who could get the jump on the other. Edith was damn near invincible in this environment as she could move through the area like a ghost and set up ambushes that I would always stumble into no matter how careful I was. Not every fight is about who hits hardest, sometimes all it takes to win is making the best use of your environment.

>Faith Kang
I fought her in a parking garage. It was the most fun I've had in a long time. I went up and down each floor blasting through armies of constructs searching for Faith. I knew she had to be in the building because the constructs I destroyed would be reanimated when I came back through. I'm so used to pulling my punches out of fear of killing people but no one's going to complain if I blow up some transforming cars. The most valuable lesson I learned was to pace myself. I was so excited that I burned through my energy too quickly and was ultimately overwhelmed. If I had limited myself to the minimum force necessary to destroy the constructs I might have won. It wouldn't have been as fun though.

>Kaylee Suzuki
To put it simply, you haven't lived unless you've fought Kaylee. To an outside observer she may seem like a simpleton when she goes into a battle rage but there's more to it than that. It's a primal, instinctual type of fighting that isn't based in technique, but rather on raw animalistic fury. There isn't a moment's hesitation in her moves. It's a pure flow of destructive impulse. Fighting Kaylee is like fighting a natural disaster which is quite a suitable comparison since she hits like an avalanche. I think the most important takeaway is that you won't always be able to predict an opponents moves. Sometimes their fighting style will be so chaotic that you have to instead examine what they are capable of doing rather than what makes the most sense for them to do. That's the only way you won't be surprised.

>Shinkan Sen
My favorite thing to do when fighting Shinkan is to start the fight with no warmup. It creates such an interesting dynamic. Shinkan will get stronger the longer the fight goes as he builds up momentum, but he'll also retain any damage dealt to him in the early stages. I in turn will reach full power after 10 minutes of charging my ki. The more power I put into my attacks in the early stages the less ki I'll have in reserve in the later stages when I'll need it most. If I conserve too much power Shinkan won't have any injuries to slow him down in the later stages. Against Shinkan I have to fight strategically, using my power only when it will be most effective. Too aggressive or too passive and I'll be defeated. I have to find the right balance.

>Sora Tanaka
Sora is above all else a bewildering opponent. Fighting him was like playing a video game with scrambled keybindings. My flight that I've always put so much trust in was suddenly my worst enemy. I have to push against whatever direction I'm being pulled towards in order to hover. Normally a slight propulsion downwards will cancel out the pull of gravity, but when the pull of gravity is constantly changing directions and intensity it becomes nearly impossible to fly correctly. After years of flying it started to become something passive I could do without thinking. Against Sora I had to become an active flyer again. I had to be ready to alter my propulsion to whichever direction gravity was pulling me. Even when fighting him on the ground was tricky as he would magnify gravity for me causing my movements to become sluggish. Fighting Sora is all about control. You have to be able to adjust the output and direction of your power in an instant if you want to maintain any kind of consistent orientation or technique against him.

>Genma Go
Genma has an instant win ability if he can just touch you. From what I've heard there are a lot more of those in the world than people realize. I'll have to avoid shaking hands even if it is rude. I gotta say he really lives up to the stereotype of the crazy inventor. He is not above using every single avenue of attack conceivable with his crazy inventions. Tear gas, flash bombs, jetpacks, every sort of support item you could think of he has in his arsenal. He overloaded all of my senses with his bag of tricks. I thought I couldn't afford to tune out any of it since everything was a threat, so eventually it just became too much and I cracked. He had me so distracted that he was able to sneak up behind me and trap me with his left hand. In a lot of ways just having a 1 on 1 with Genma is like getting actual battlefield experience. There will be so many things going on all around you that you won't be able to address everything. You have to prioritize the win condition and accept that you're not going to win without taking hits.

>Maxine Nguyen
If you try to rush her you're going to get pummeled no matter how strong you are. She'll block your attack with one limb and swing back with 5 more. I came at her from every angle I could think of but she always had countermeasures ready. She obviously studied my quirk in great detail beforehand. I realized too late what I needed to do to get an advantage. Maxine's defenses may appear impervious, but there's one fatal flaw. She can only respond to what she can see. One of my ki blasts knocked up a cloud of dust and the obscurement was almost enough for me to close in and deliver a knockout blow. Unfortunately, I was too wounded by that point, and she was faster. Maxine taught me that if something isn't working then you shouldn't keep trying it just because it's what you're used to. You have to adapt to the opponent you're fighting.

>Hailey Chang
A glass canon if there ever was one. Thin as a twig with no martial training whatsoever. She stands so boldly not even taking the most basic defensive stance. First I tried flying straight towards Hailey at full speed. Big, big mistake. She pushed against me with all her strength and it felt like I was being crushed between two bulldozers. With no way to close the distance I figured my only option was ki blasts. She can't manipulate energy so it was the obvious answer. Issue is it takes almost no effort for her to intercept my ki blasts with whatever loose objects are nearby. I tried overwhelming her with a relentless barrage but I quickly found myself exhausted while she had barely broken a sweat. When my attacks slowed down enough she changed her tactics and went on an all out offensive. Only upon reflection do I realize where I went wrong. By focusing on ki blasts I made myself too predictable. In effect it was like throwing the exact same haymaker over and over again. What I needed to do was diversify my attacks, mix in wind and ki at random intervals. Wind attacks would have been invisible and she would have had to respond to them differently, and if amidst the chaos I had tried to charge in she might have had to focus all her strength on me and be unable to stop one of my ki blasts. There's value in using your less optimal attacks because your opponent may be taken by surprise.

>Minerva Kim
A fellow blaster. There's surprisingly not many of us. Endeavor is the only other one I'm aware of. Like me she seems to have a body that's resistant towards plasma. She's one of the only people I can have a balanced ranged match against. Being able to get that kind of practice with someone equally as capable at range is a rare thing indeed. Just to test the waters I tried closing the distance with her to see how she would fare in melee. Problem is, getting closer to someone who shoots lighting out of their hands just means it's easier for them to hit you so that first attempt was quite painful. On my second charge I made more progress but was ultimately zapped into submission. You can't charge a blaster head on, you have to rush their flanks while mixing in evasive maneuvers that way it's harder for them to track you. Minerva is one of the only people I can practice this with.

>Hifumi Takeda
Fighting Hifumi was extremely frustrating. When he has his helmet on you can't see his eyes so you never know when he's going to blink. Commit too much force to a punch and he'll blink behind you which throws you off balance and makes it easy for him to hit your exposed back. Commit too little force and your attack will simply bounce off his armor. I tried blasting him back with wind and while that did work he used it to his advantage. He teleported behind me collided with my back, turning my own attack into one of his own. Over and over again I would get outmaneuvered by his teleportation. The time it took to register his disappearance, locate him, and ready a defense just took too long. All he had to do was blink and strike. In desperation I came up with the only method of defense I could think of. I waited for him to blink and projected wind in all directions simultaneously. The shockwave did indeed stop his attack but not without crushing me against my own wind. To make matters worse my failure to project the wind evenly propelled me in a direction I didn't intend and the pressure against my open eyes was excruciatingly painful. The new technique would require a lot of work before it's useful. I'll have to close my eyes, flare my ki empowerment to reinforce my body against the wind, and work on projecting it evenly. Once it's perfected however, it may prove to be exactly the tool I need to overcome Hifumi's teleportation.

>Bobby Samson
Going into the fight I thought it would be a piece of cake. From what I'd heard his only experience is a few years of boxing. Only after I got into the ring with him did it become apparent what the real danger was. Bobby's quirk is nearly identical to Sun Man's, and he knows Sun Man's moves better than anyone else. Bobby didn't have to spend decades perfecting his techniques, he was able to take a shortcut by copying his father. It's not perfect. He still needs to develop the muscle memory for it, but once he masters his father's fighting style he'll be a force to be reckoned with. Even with rough form, it's still incredible to see Sun Man's moves in person. I can only imagine how strong Bobby would have been if his father was around to teach him. It made me realize how important it is to reflect on the quirk lessons my own parents taught me.

>Inigo Myoga
I thought this would be more of a fight against Gigan than Inigo but the two actually worked together quite well. When you fight a dragon you expect to deal with claws, bites, and tail swipes. While all those were still present, the most prominent aspect of Gigan's fighting style was the constant shapeshifting. It could shrink to dodge attacks and expand to extend its reach. Fighting a beast instead of a human is already odd but fighting Gigan made me feel like I was part of some slapstick performance in a clown show. Getting used to fighting inhuman opponents was a valuable experience, but the real lesson came from the nature of the fight itself. The fight was ultimately against Inigo. Gigan was just a bodyguard, but a damn good one. It would have been a difficult fight even if Inigo was tied to a chair. The bastard is remarkably good at running away and Gigan knows exactly how to intercept people chasing him. Inigo kept dodging and moving into places that gave Gigan the advantage. Trying to get past Gigan to strike at Inigo was quite the ordeal.

>Kyoda Hiro
I don't remember fighting him. I know I had it in my schedule. I know from asking the other students that I definitely went to visit him, but I don't remember anything about our fight. All I can recall is going to sleep one night and the next thing I knew I was in some crowded warehouse in the slums where a shirtless guy was standing on boxes yelling about the oppression of the hero system while the people around me cheered. For some reason I had on a leather jacket, a silver crucifix, jeans, fingerless gloves, and what looked like a karate headband. Where did those come from? How on earth did I get there? Before I could ask anyone what was going on I heard police announce over megaphone that everyone inside was under arrest. I probably should have complied but in my panicked state I instead collapsed both entrances with ki blasts and smashed through one of the walls to escape without having to go through the police perimeter. Odd that I came up with that idea so quickly. It almost felt like evading the police was natural. In any event I'll have to arrange another fight with Hiro soon. I'm eager to learn from him.

>Orochi Atsushi
The snake girl. She's remarkably tough and with her healing factor she actually encourages me to hit with full force. Her reckless fighting style plays into her quirk quite well. You can't punch her without getting some poison residue on yourself, and the effects are even worse if you manage to draw blood. Perhaps the most shocking thing she does is bite. So it's not just two arms, two legs, and 3 tails you have to worry about. Her jaws are her most deadly weapon. Anyone whose been bitten by her knows how fast her venom takes effect. It makes you think twice before trying to punch her in the face. After trying over and over again to figure out a way to fight her up close without succumbing to poison I ultimately had to take a page from Chihiro's book and use a sword. It's not my favorite way of fighting but if you can't touch your opponent then it's the best solution. In the past I've tried to avoid becoming reliant on weapons because you won't always have the luxury of being armed. Upon reflection, this aversion was foolish. Anything can be a weapon in the right hands, and sometimes a simple makeshift weapon is just the thing you need to overcome an opponent's defenses.

>Nyoro Hoge
The first fight went terribly. I spent hours searching for her until Bobby came through and pointed out there was a sign taped to my back saying that Maru got bored and went home. I didn't give up though. I took time off of my regular training to go out into nature and watch for camouflaged animals. I got Genma to make noise making devices that would activate at random intervals and tried to hear them at further and further distances. I would shuffle a deck of cards, turn the lights off, and then see if I could read them. I did blind smell tests of various flowers. I did everything I could think of to hone my senses but normal human perception can only go so far. Even with all my training, the second fight ended the same as my first. So instead I focused on something that came naturally to me. Wind. I knew that Maru couldn't shrink or anything like that so even if I couldn't perceive her I could perceive the things she affects. I set up a bunch of mannequins in various locations and listened to the sound of the wind blowing against them. That was the key. On round 3 by studying the environment and sending out gusts of wind I was finally able to locate her. As I approached I had the gut feeling I must be wrong, but when I reached out to grab her she was actually there. From her expression she must have been just as surprised as I was. Still, I got the feeling she was going easy on me after the first two fights. I look forward to seeing how hard she is to detect when she's being serious.