# What a mess

Picture this: a brunette Hufflepuff witch trailing closely behind two Slytherin wizards. Her expression is one of bewildered embarrassment and her pace switches between being too quick and eager,betraying how happy the prospect of walking to class with them has made her and slowing to a crawl which puts distance between them as she fears she's being overbearing. "Try to keep up, Hufflepuff." The dark haired boy out of the two tells her with a smile over his shoulder and he laughs at the sight of her *bolting* forward in a rush of speed to meet his request. "Sebastian." A warning from the blonde boy walking next to him, brow furrowed. "Do you not remember her name?" He gestures towards the free space next to him  with the hand he's not holding his guiding wand with and she notices his steps slowing to make it easier for her to fall in line. 

The hallways aren't as unpleasant today.

Her first meeting with Ominis and Sebastian had been...Difficult. Arriving late to class after being unable to find her way to the History of Magic classroom was bad enough but the only free seat being next to the two of them was far, far worse. Neither boy took much note of her as she seated herself on the very edge of the bench to be as far away as possible, eyes quick to focus on her textbook as soon as it was open on the desk in front of her. 

Many students can attest to the calming effect one of Professor Binns long lectures had. She herself had settled rather comfortably into her seat after the initial anxiety at her situation had been given enough time to ebb out. Her head is leaning on her hands which are in turn propped up by her elbows resting on her desk as her eyes wander the classroom until they're drawn towards the boy next to her: Ominis Gaunt. He's sat in a similar position to her with a peaceful expression on his defined features. They share a handful of classes but she's never been this close or had the chance to get a proper look at him. 

Her head tilts a little to get a better view of the milky whites of his eyes and she's struck by how beautiful they are. "Have you had enough yet?" Sebastian is leaning back in his seat shooting her a glare over the slumped back of his friend. *Oh no.* Eyes dart back to Ominis and she's mortified to realize she's missed the troubled blush blooming on his cheeks. *Oh. No.* She'd been gawking at him hadn't she? Why'd she think he wouldn't notice? Because he's blind? 

"Sorry!" She blurts far too loud to go unnoticed by the rest of the class, eyes focusing on her. "It's fine." Ominis replies curtly. It's hard to miss the dawning realization on Sebastians face at the sight of the witch blushing in turn, hostility melting away as it's made clear why she'd been staring.  *Interesting.*

In the following weeks Sebastian entertains himself by observing the witch when she shows up for classes. She doesn't talk to anyone. Professors don't call on her to provide answers during lectures. When the classroom clears out she remains in her seat until she deems it safe to move at which point she scurries around picking up fallen parchments and any other object she's feasibly able to tidy up, depositing them in neat piles on her desk. He ponders her magpie behavior and delights in the way she startles as she notices him observing her strange ways, flushing all the way to her neck at the grin he flashes as she rushes past him to disappear down the corridor with surprising speed. The sound she lets out when she rounds a corner and almost collides with a ghost could best be described as "eyuach".

The number of students in class reach an uneven number when she's there, something Professor Ronen fails to notice when he asks them to pair up and spread out to practice spells. "Hold on, Ominis." He puts a hand on the blondes arm to stop him from leaving. "Why?" The blind boy is able to make out her silhouette thanks to the sight his wand grants him. She's standing next to her desk desperately trying to catch the gaze of any of the witches leaving the classroom, clearly too nervous to speak up and request to join any of them. None seem to notice her. "Oh." "Yeah." 

This is how she ends up in the courtyard with the both of them, Sebastian telling her that their grades will suffer unless she's willing to at least *attempt* to cast Depulso on his person. This is a lie, of course. "Don't torment her." The blonde remarks with a laugh as the witch fidgets while weighing her options. "She'll be alright. Come on. Just once?" A nod. The pair takes up their positions at opposite ends of the open area while Ominis stands off to the side. "You really don't have to." He assures her while she readies her wand and his consideration makes her blush. "It's okay..." A rare vocal response, likely because she's afraid Ominis can't see her nodding. 

With a deep breath she raises her wand prompting Sebastian to prepare Protego in kind and then... "Deh—" Sebastian watches as her wand leaves her hand, spinning gently in the air before clattering on the cobbles a short distance away from her. Her face is a picture of horrified realization at the fact that she just threw her wand at him, mouth frozen in an open gasp to match the wide eyed stare locked on the object in question. Sebastian doubles over, using a pillar for support as his laugh rings out. Ominis raises one pale hand to cover his grin. "Impressive." He comments...At which point she covers her burning embarrassment behind her hands. 

"Fetch me a new quill, would you?" As soon as the request leaves his mouth she shoots out of her seat to comply. 
"Sebastian. Don't." 
"She enjoys it." 
"That may be true but it doesn't make it acceptable."
 The quill is dropped on his desk. "Thank you, My." 

She radiates a distinct energy of joy for the rest of the day.