Dimensional Merge by anymouses

So when it comes to your hypothetical anthro world, how do you prefer your anthros to be integrated into the world? Evolved alongside us? Supernatural phenomena bringing them into existence? Our world collide/merge with theirs (like in shadowrun)? Genetically created either as a species originally bread for work or just because? Were they originally humans that turned themselves into furries either way back in the past and are now a full on race or just furrys who change themselves into fursonas(Like exotics in cyberpunk)? Etc. etc. etc. Personally i've got no real preference. 

They just appeared one day and keep insisting that they've always been here

KEK
>Society on the verge of collapsing as anthros appear as if out of thin air, insisting calmly that they know you, have lived next to you for your entire life, and there's nothing odd about this
>One of them is insisting he's your long term boyfriend of 5 years

>The only people who aren't bothered are 'schizos' who've always insisted fae folk exist and talked to them

>its been a long two years
>ever since the absolute chaos kicked off by what scientists were calling "parallel timeline convergence"
>you and your fellow terminally online shitposter friends just jokingly called it what it was: The Dimensional Merge
>an entire society of anthros appeared overnight, much to the horror of humans everywhere
>the anthros themselves seemed much more untroubled. With many new furry and scaled inhabitants greeting their new human neighbors in the morning as if they'd known them for years
>thus began the hectic and haphazard "reintegration" of a population that didn't realize they'd even been transported through time and space
>you'd even heard of bizarre ass stories circulated in the news in the years passed
>of people approached by random anthros claiming to be their spouses or friends
>only for them to "reconnect" over shared interests and hobbies, or repeat never shared inside jokes
>many of these romantic couples swear they've finally found their soulmate after searching for so long
>you'd even heard stories of orphans taken in by wolves and other pack animals, only for later DNA testing to show an actual familial relation
>thankfully you were in an area that was relatively untouched by whatever quantum anomaly was sweeping over the rest of the world
>you'd seen a few anthros be moved into your small town due to relocation efforts by the government, but they were very few
>you were perfectly fine by that, they kind of scared you a bit. especially the predatory ones
>you should have known you wouldn't be safe forever though
>it started with a knock on your door
>you rose from your cozy computer chair with a sigh
>it was probably more of those integration ministry dudes, looking for another sucker to lend a spare room to one of those talking animals
>you prepared to tell them off again for not taking the hint last time
>only to be caught off guard at the short donkey boy actually standing on your doorstep
>he wears an uninterested expression while starting at his phone
>a fitting look for his uninteresting streetwear
>he wears a baggy black hoodie and jeans. His floppy ears pour out of the knitted beanie on his head and run down the sides of his face
>his frame is lithe, and he's much shorter than you. an anomaly compared to other anthros
>he looks up from his phone as you answer the door, and his expression changes to one of shock
>he seems speechless for a second before his expression morphs again
>this time to one of unbridled fury
>"ANON!? Anon, you asshole!" he spits immediately as he lunges for you
>he's surprisingly strong for someone who only comes up to your chest
>he forces you into your house and pushes you into a nearby wall
>"where the hell did you go?! Think you can just cum in me and disappear like that?! You think I wouldn't find you?!" the donkey practically bounces on his toes as he yells into your face
>his strong legs help him pin you against the wall
>you can only raise your hands in surrender as he continues his tirade
>it finally comes to a stop and the donkey is left huffing
>his delivery was so passionate that you feel kinda bad for the next words out of your mouth
>"Uh, do I know you?" You ask
>"AAAAAARRRGG" the donkey's scream comes out rough, part way between a yell and a bray
>then his blunt teeth sink into your arm
>"Ow! Fuck!" you yell, finally moving to defend yourself
>you give the rowdy shortstack a shove
>one you may have put a little too much power into
>the little gremlin did bite you. but you still feel a little bad as they go flying into the wall across from you, rebounding off to sprawl across the floor in front of you
>they seem entirely limp on the ground
>for a moment you worry that you just caused an interdemensional incident
>but then you hear the soft sobbing
>the donkey boy lifts his head to sob on your floor
>his soft whimpers are punctuated with small "hee-haw" noises
>it would be amusing if it wasn't so sad
>"It's not fair!" he cries in between sobs "I-I finally confessed to you, and now you don't even remember meeeee!"
>you're at a loss for words, so you just kind of let him writhe around on the floor
>you give him a paltry pat on the back as he gathers himself again
>when he finally stops openly sobbing he sits curled up on your floor
>in between sniffles he tells you something you kind of expected was coming
>you and him were childhood friends, at least from his memory
>he had finally come forward with his feelings about you one lonely night as you two sat around smoking and playing games
>feelings that you reciprocated, and you'd spent a passionate night together
>only for him to wake up in an apartment that was clearly no longer his, and almost killed by a middle-aged woman with a frying pan
>he spent all this time trying to find you again, you were close to his only friend
>in his universe at least
>and now he was lost in a different world, with no support network besides the slow grinding gears of government bureaucracy
>while he did just attack you, you find yourself sympathizing with him
>you never considered how hard it might be for the anthros themselves
>plus sitting around smoking and gaming sounded like you
>you've gotta offer this guy a room
>one part of his story throws you off a little though
>"Alright, you can stay here with me for the time being" you tell him
>his eyes light up and he quickly launches himself into your chest to give you a full body hug
>you interrupt his joyful deluge of rapid thanks with a wheeze as he squeezes your chest
>"O-one thing though, I'm not gay" you manage to choke out through his hold
>you feel the donkey's body tense, and his fingers dig more sharply into your side
>you think you actually hear him growl a little, an edge of his initial aggression seeping back into his mood
>"Mmhm, that's okay" he finally says, relaxing his posture a little and rubbing his face into your chest
>before he lets go, he mumbles something into your shirt that you don't quite catch
>"We'll just have to work on that... again..."

you anons gave me a cute little idea, hopefully the violent jackass doesn't come across as too much of a violent jackass.

But never separate a femmy bottom from his childhood friend stonerbro bf 

>Walking home from your office day when someone stops in-font of you.
>Some raccoon boy insisting that you were his boyfriend, that he had been searching for you since the merge happened.
>Despite having no knowledge of him, when he talks about things you bonded over they were things you were into...
>But still you have no memory of him.
>You keep telling him but hes not having that, progressively getting more sad and annoyed
>Eventually just grabbing onto your shirt and crying, pleading for you to recognize him.
>Freaking out abit you tell him to get off you and fuck off.
>You shove him off and walk away leaving him on the floor looking devastated.
>After making sure you weren't followed you enter your apartment, sit on your couch and jut decompress from that.
>While it was a freaky experience you did feel bad for the guy.
>After the merge you'd heard alot about this kind of thing happening but you'd never expected this to happen to you
>You'd heard that some anthro's had gotten violent in the past when their "spouse" hadn't remembered them
>You'd be lying if you hadn't worried about something like that happening to you and their being a violent conclusion to it.
>You hadn't expected for it to be so...
>Sad.
>He seemed so sure, so insistent that he knew you, that you were dating.
>Hell he even knew about that obscure ass anime series only you seemed to enjoy.
>But you just didn't know him.
>Deciding to distract yourself from thinking about how you left that raccoon boy, kneeling on the floor, crying his eyes out.
>You decide to just fuck about on your phone for abit.
>After playing some time waster app you decide to scroll you gallery for abit.
>As you go through your folder, you find a new one, the cover photo a heart.
>Clicking on it, it's full of photos you've never seen before.
>Off that raccoon boy
>Off YOU and him
>Hanging out, looking happy.
>Kissing and hugging.
>Seemingly even more than that you note as the images get more and more "risque" as you scroll through.
>As you keep scrolling through the images, the surprise from them slowly fades away
>And then a new feeling starts to come over you
>Familiarity
>Some vague foggy memory comes over you as you look over this pictures, more feeling than any true memory
>Joy, these pictures brought up the feeling of joy, a nostalgic feeling of happiness.
>As you sit their you click on one last picture, it's both of you, a selfie of you two side hugging each other
>The raccoon boy kissing your cheek
>You with a blush on your face, but looking so happy...
>Something wet hits your phone screen
>Your other hand comes up to your face
>You're crying.
>Why are you crying?
>Why do you feel anger and sadness at yourself when you think back about how you interacted with that raccoon boy today
>He seemed so sure...
>And you just shoved him off of you, telling him to fuck off!
>Why did you do that to him, why didn't you just listen to him.
>Why didn't you go back and comfort him when you saw just how devastated he was
>How could you do that to Noah!?!?
>You stop as that thought goes through your head
>Noah?
>Why did you think his name was Noah?
>You think back to that interaction again, even as your heart ached as you thought about it
>He didn't say what his name was did he? No you're sure he didn't since he was so focused and trying to get you to remember him.
>You scroll back through the images trying to see if he had a name tag or something else with his name on it that you had picked it up from.
>But their wasn't anything that seemed to point to that being his name.
>Then why were you so sure that was his name?
>You needed to know why you had these photos of you together
>You needed to know why you were filled with thoughts and feelings of joy, sadness and love as you looked through them.
>You needed to apologize about how you left him today
>You needed to find him.
>Checking your watch you noticed it was 18:45, not to late for you to go out
>Grabbing your coat you leave your apartment building and make your way back to where you had left Noah
>Rather obviously he wasn't their, thinking that he would have spent hours sitting in the same place crying was both silly and abit narcissistic on your part
>Still it was the last place where you had seen him, so you weren't going to beat yourself to much other that.
>Then you had an idea, maybe he would be at one the places from the photos.
>You quickly stood off from the side of the sidewalk and lead up against the building, grabbing your phone out and flicking to your gallery.
>After spending a couple minutes of jotting down the places you recognized, also noting that you two had apparently went on a holiday together to some place with a really nice beach.
>You set out to the closest place on your list, the local library.
>The picture was one that looked like you had sneakily taken it while he was really absorbed into a novel
>Alongside another off him holding his hand out to cover his face in embarrassment after he had noticed you taking his picture.
>After getting their and checking through the library he wasn't their, so their was the first place marked off of your list
>The next place was was abit further out but it would make going to the next place quicker if he wasn't at the second place.
>The local mechanic.
>The pic in the case actually being one of the more risque pics, with him with undressing, looking all hot and bothered, wrench in hand.
>And you massaging his balls in your off hand.
>You had flipped by this one earlier but had gone back to it since just in the corner of the image you could make out part of the logo for the local mechanics place.
>After reaching the place you heard the sounds of vehicles being worked on and a large bear anthro carrying an engine on his should over to one of the cars being fixed.
>Quickly having a look around you didn't see him
>Turning around you bump into someone
>A muscular but rotund man dressed in a mechanics uniform.
>Big auto Tony himself 
>He asked if you needed any help and you decided to ask if he had knew Noah 
>His brows scrunched up as he looked and me and he said "Yeah I do, he works here, why do you want to know"
>You said you were looking for him, to talk to him, though you didn't get anymore specific then that.
>He hmm'd to himself and then gruffly asked "Are you the reason he came back early with a face looking like a slapped ass?".
>An Donkey anthro worker let out a quick indignant "Hey!" in response to that with Tony calling an apology after.
>Stammering out a yeah, you went into a bit more detail about what your interaction with Tony, telling him that you just find him to apologize to him and talk to him.
>Tony hmm'd to himself again, thinking about what to say to you, before nodding to himself and saying "I gave him the rest of the day off because of how sad he looked, said he was going to that internet cafe over on fifth for a couple of hours."
>You thanked him and turned to walk away when you felt Tony grab your arm and turn you back around, he looked you right in the eye and said "You treat him right, that boy's been through enough shit without you making it worse."
>You nodded seriously and he let you go and you made your way the the internet cafe on fifth.
>You used to go their a bunch during your time at college since free internet and good coffee were a hell of a combo.
>It took you a good 15 minutes of walking to reach the place so you hopped he was still their.
>As you entered the cafe you scoped out the place before your eyes settled onto him, his goggles helping him stand out in between the crowed 
>As you got closer he seemed to notice you out of the corner of his eyes, his head snapping up as he locked onto you, surprise on his face before it shifted to discomfort and he looked back down.
>As you made your way to him, you caught him sending quick glances your way.
>As you reached the table you grabbed a chair from an empty table and sat down opposite him.
>After sitting down you looked up at him, he looked like a deer in headlights, frozen beside flapping of his mouth, no words coming out just empty air.
>He shook himself out of his stupor and nervously asking "Wh- Why erm what are you doing here?"
>To be honest you were feeling abit nervous as well, fidgeting slight as you answered that you were wanting to apologize for how you acted earlier, that it wasn't right to just shove him off you without really taking what he was saying seriously.
>He looked surprised at that before rubbing at the back of his head and apologizing as well saying that it "probably wasn't the best way try and get you to remember, just dumping it on you all at once".
>You both smiled at each other at that, before you continued that when you got back home earlier you ended up checking your gallery for some reason or other and coming across a new folder in your phone.
>A folder full of pictures of you both.
>His eyes widened in shock as you passed him your phone, him beginning to scroll through the pictures in your gallery, a small smile coming across his features as he flicked through the pictures
>Though stopped at one, a full blush erupting across his face as he came across one of the lewd photos of himself on the phone before he shyly slid it back to you.
>After giving him a moment to calm down, you explained to him how when you looked over these pictures they made you remember things.
>Little snippets of times together, of the nostalgic feelings that accompanied those photos, the regret at how you had left him earlier that day.
>Of his name.
>You looked directly into his eyes and said "Noah I don't fully remember yet but i'm so sorry for earlier, i'm sorry for forgetting you, i'm sorry--"
>Before you could even finish your sentence he had flung himself across the able, arms wrapping themselves around your neck as he clung to you as you both tumbled to the floor.
>Gasps had rang out across the the cafe but you paid them no mind as Naoh buried himself into the crook of you neck, happily sobbing into the shoulder of you jacket. 
>As he incoherently mumbled his happiness that you remembered him! You gently rubbed at this back the way that your instinct said that he liked, as you waved off the concern of some of the other cafe customers and workers.
>After giving him a minute of that you gently picked both of yourself of the ground, you walked over to the cashier and paid for his drink as he kept himself buried into your side, refusing to let go of you as you both left the cafe.
>After a couple of minutes of walking he decoupled himself from your side partially, content to just lean his head on your shoulder and hold your hand as you both just wandered aimlessly to nowhere in particular.
>As you walked you both chatted about what you remembered with Noah going into more stories of your past together you began to remember more and more of them yourself, able to respond in kind to some of stories being shared.
>While it wasn't everything at once and he did look abit disappointed how you didn't remember everything, it was a start and things pointed to you remembering more as you spent time together.
>After letting that conversation naturally end for a bit you asked him what he did after the merge happened.
>He looked to the floor for a second before beginning to tell you about his experiences after the merge had happened, about waking up in an empty apartment, at feeling the panic that no-one he knew remembered him, people treating him like an alien.
>The fear he felt that he couldn't find you, that his how life was in shambles, hell he didn't even have his job anymore as a mechanical engineer.
>Thankfully Tony was as much of a stand up guy as he had been back in his world and he had gotten his job back working with him after the initial panic had calmed down and the government had started to get things running again
>Outside of doing his work, he had spent a good deal of trying to find you and then trying to work up the courage go talk to you
>The fear that he had that you wouldn't remember him had actually kept him from confronting you for awhile even after he had found out where you worked
>He wasn't even planning on talking to you about it today, it's just that he had seen you and he couldn't hold it in anymore, just going up to you and letting it all flood out
>He looked away abit embarrassed at admitting that and then puled him abit closer and apologized again at how you acted to him, though he brushed that off saying that he didn't blame you since again he had just kind hit you out of nowhere with it.
>You both chuckled your respective embarrassment at the situation, you ended up looking around and realizing you both weren't to far from your apartment, so you suggested that you both head back their to hang out and chat for awhile longer.
>He agreed and you both made your way to your apartment, reaching the building and heading up the stairs, going down the hallway, reaching your apartment door and heading inside.
>As you entered he had a look around, noting to you that it reminded him of your old apartment back when you both had met with each other back in your college days
>After sitting down on your sofa, you guys chatted for awhile longer, first about you past together some more, about your shared interests, the differences between the worlds and a whole cavalcade of different things
>You ended up ordering a pizza for you both as the conversation went further and further into the night before you both realized it was past midnight
>After looking at each other for a few moments you offered to let him stay over for the night if he wanted
>The blush that lit up his face then put the earlier one to shame, stammering as his mind seemingly went to quite a dirty place.
>You told to him while you can't say that you weren't against something like that in the future you felt it was a bit earlier since while you were just getting your memories back and you didn't want to rush this
>He looked down embarrassed, and a little disappointed you noticed, but he agreed wit you in anycase. 
>That decided you grabbed some pajamas for him to use, you both got changed and then settled into your bed.
>It being a small double didn't give the most amount of room to lay together but after thinking fuck it you grabbed his waist and pulled him close to you, spooning him.
>As you laid there a feeling came over you as you hugged him.
>This felt right.
>Like a puzzle with a with the final piece laid into place.
>As you both drifted off into sleep you heard him say.
>"Goodnight, love you anon."
>You responded "Love you as well Noah, goodnight".