#***A Gathering Mission Gone Wrong***
---

You vault over the fallen, rotting log as if it weren’t even there and charge through more underbrush. Your lungs burn, and you find it hard to draw breath, your calf muscles ache and with each step sharp pain radiates up through your shins, but you run on, driven by an overwhelming sense of terror. 

Everywhere in the forest around you you can hear movement: bushes rustle, small branches snap, the soft pattering of numerous footsteps drums against your ears accentuated with the soft cries and grunts of your pursuers. Bright red and green flashes of color flit at the corners of your vision, Maccao slip and weave through the forest around you, occasionally one jumps from the brush in front, hissing a challenge, and you change course to evade it. 

If your mind weren’t so clouded with panic at what your simple gathering mission had become, it might occur to you that the little monsters are herding you along. 

You suddenly hear a shrill barking all around you, all of the Maccao join in on the sound until it is nearly unbearable on your ears. Over the sound of the chase and their piercing cries, you begin to hear larger footfalls. You see a flash of bright red and yellow crashing through the underbrush with you, too quick to know what it is but it’s definitely larger than the smaller Maccao chasing you. 

You increase your pace, exploding through a tangle of vines and bush into a clearing. Something catches your foot and you stumble to the ground; sharp rocks dig into your palms and scrape against your knees as your legs collapse beneath you from exhaustion. You flop onto your stomach on the grass panting, your lungs fight for breath as your head swims from the exertion of running for so long. The forest around you has gone quiet besides the soft sound of birdsong and the wind in the treetops. Your mind hopes that the Maccao chasing you have left, maybe to find easier prey, but heavy footfalls before you dash your hopes. 

You raise your head and your blood runs cold. A small herd of Maccao watch you from the far side of the clearing, and between you and them stands a Great Maccao, not five meters distant. Large—much larger than any Great Maccao you’ve seen before! It regards you with piercing golden eyes, a hunger to its gaze that stirs a cold feeling deep in your gut. Its crest of yellow feathers flares out behind its head, catching dappled sunshine and glowing like the morning sunrise. The Great Maccao’s sinuous tongue slips from between scaly lips to lick over its nose, glowing eyes sizing you up like a piece of meat. 

Your fists clench, fingers gouging shallow furrows in the dirt. Shame-filled tears well up at the corners of your vision, all the air escapes you in a strained gasp. Anger, fear, regret, a silent scream of frustration rings in your head. You trained hours each day, learned from the masters, but in the end, you couldn’t even make it to High Rank. You can still remember the day you entered the Guild’s academy, the feelings of joy and excitement, and with painful clarity, the melancholic smile on your father’s face. You knew he needed you desperately on the farm, but you wouldn’t abandon your dream for anything, intent on writing your own legend like the grand stories passed down in your village. You vowed to become a hunter your father would be proud of, as much to clear the bitterness of your choice in your own heart. This can’t be the end, you tell yourself, all of the blisters, all of the pain, it wasn’t for nothing, you can’t let it end here. 

In a flash of panic-fueled adrenaline you jump to your feet, all of the exhaustion drains from your body as sheer terror gives you a second wind. Your hands scrabble at your belt and pull your short carving blade free, you’d abandoned your light bowgun long ago once you’d run out of ammo. With a sharp bark from the Great Maccao’s toothy maw, all of the other Maccao disappear, chittering and cackling into the bushes. The remaining monster fixes you with golden eyes, lowers its stance, and stalks forward.

You circle the clearing opposite the Great Maccao, keeping your albeit small blade in-between you and the monster. A gleaming, golden eye never leaves yours as it circles opposite of you. Your mind races, grasping at any thread of an idea that could possibly help you escape. In a moment of insight, you begin to form a plan. You slowly slip your free hand to the canteen on your belt, the Great Maccao’s eyes flick to follow the movement and its muzzle parts in a guttural growl but it doesn’t charge. Relieved, your hand fingers at the latch attaching your canteen to your belt, releasing the small bottle from its leather holder. 

As fast and as hard as you can you fling the canteen straight at the Great Maccao’s head. The bottle sails through the air, arcing straight toward its target. With an indignant squawk, the Great Maccao ducks away from the missile, hissing fiercely, but you don’t notice, instead you’ve already whipped around and are sprinting as hard as you can in the other direction. 

With a quick glance at the floundering monster, you’re relieved to see that your little plan worked. “Hah!” You call over your shoulder in victory as you make a beeline for the underbrush, mentally patting yourself on the back at your own ingenuity. As you prepare to dive into the bushes, you’re suddenly greeted by another flash of green feathers, red scales, and piercing golden eyes erupting from the underbrush: a second Great Maccao!

Your mind can’t even process what your eyes are seeing before you’re kicked hard in the chest by a huge, scaly foot. All of the air is forced from your lungs and the tree canopy flashes overhead in a daze of green leaves and sunlight as you’re stopped dead in your tracks and propelled backwards by the force of the kick. 

You hit the ground hard on your back, blue lightning flashes across your vision when your head hits the dirt. You lose your grip on your dagger and lie in a daze as your mind swims, not entirely sure of what has happened. Pain clouds your head as your senses begin to return, despite your leather breastplate taking much of the blow, you can already feel a bruise blossoming across your chest. A low groan escapes your lips as you feel the dull ache of a forming headache. You hope you haven’t broken any ribs. 

A heavy thump sounds on either side of your head. A shadow hovers over you. Blinking through pain-filled tears, you clear your vision only to see an expanse of red scales looming above you. Wicked-looking black claws flex and dig into the dirt on either side of you, connecting to two spiny, dusky grey legs covered in broad scutes. The thick legs broaden into thighs, rippling with muscle, that tower over you. Something warm and wet drips onto your face, you stare upward into an unflattering view of the Great Maccao’s nethers. . . her nethers. . . her nearly meter long nethers.

In the center of your vision, the broad, red scales of her belly shrink over the gentle mound of the Great Maccao’s sex, giving way to smooth, red skin surrounding her feminine slit. Her lips are swollen, flushed, and puffy with arousal, parting in the middle and giving you a view just inside in the relatively dim light. Her entrance shines wetly with her clear fluid, the musky scent of her body tickles at your nose with an earthy spiciness. Another thick droplet of her warm essence trails from her body on a silken strand to drip onto your cheek. 

You begin to get a much closer view as her body begins to descend, you struggle in terror, your cries of objection go unheeded as you try your best to wiggle away from the approaching monster pussy. A sudden firm pressure on your lower abdomen pins you in place, you stare down along your body and beneath the red curve of the Great Maccao’s descending underbelly to see a third clawed foot holding you in place—the other Great Maccao! 

Pinned in place, you continue to struggle, pounding your fists ineffectively against the first Great Maccao’s straddling feet, but her body continues its approach. Another flash of movement near your legs draws your attention, you see the upside-down head of the Great Maccao straddling you watching you from beneath her belly. Her golden eye sparkles playfully as she catches your terrified gaze before she moves her head to nip at the leather armor covering your torso. 

You begin to panic even more, questions flood your brain. Why is this happening to you? What are these monsters doing? You kick your legs as hard as you can, pressing your hands into the bird wyvern’s scaly underbelly trying to push her body up and away, but you can barely exert any force with the way your arms are bent; her body is too close to you for any leverage. 

Her slit begins to spread as the skin covering her underside pulls apart with her squat, it’s only a handful of centimeters above your face. More of her thick fluids leak from inside to fall upon you, her scent is overwhelming in your nose, the heat from her body radiates against your skin, overpowering even the heavy blush on your cheeks. Her sex is the only thing you can see, red skin stretches between tiny scales as her lips pull apart. You can see all of the intricate detail of her surprisingly human anatomy: her puffy labia edged with scales like tiny red jasper pebbles, the petite mound of her urethra, the pointed nub of her clitoris poking out from the front of her cleft, and above all the dark tunnel of her opening disappearing further into her body. You scream in terror into her depths as she lowers the last few centimeters onto your face. The fleshy lips of her labia press and part over the sides of your head, coating your face and matting your hair with her slick juices. Unable to do anything but thrash in place, your face slips into her stifling canal as she straddles you. 

You sputter in the wet heat as the sensitive flesh of her vagina contracts and tugs over your head, reveling in the intruding object. Her fluids drip and smear all over your face from everywhere, invading your mouth and nose, her fluid is thick like honey, the taste tangy and just barely sweet on your tongue.

Panic is all you can do, you thrash your head inside her body and pound against her outside with your arms trying to pry her off of you. The Great Maccao has lowered her body just enough that her underbelly butts softly into your chest, her muscular legs support her weight such that she isn’t resting any weight on you at all. However, the monster is so close, you can’t even sit up a centimeter, all you can do is barely move your head within her. 

The Great Maccao’s velvety inner muscles massage and roll up your head, trying to drag you further inside. The rushing of her heartbeat is loud in your ears, her walls press into your face in a stifling embrace, you sputter as more of her thick fluids are forced into your nose and mouth, you can’t do anything but try to spit them out and clear your airway. 

Terror has wholly gripped you, your lungs burn with the lack of breath and with sudden inspiration driven by the will to survive, you press your face into her inner wall. Her soft flesh yields against the contours of your face and you open your mouth, pressing harder until the pliable wall of her vagina spills between your teeth. You bite down on her insides like you’re trying to tear off a bite of a well-done steak, the spongy flesh compresses within your mouth, and you feel the coppery taste of blood tinge the tangy flavor of her fluids. Her body convulses in response, and you hear a muffled screech as her walls tug against your head when her body quickly rises off of you. You revel in another victory as your head is released with a wet plop and cool air rushes into your lungs. However, your moment of celebration is short-lived as you immediately double over in pain when a scaly fist meets your stomach with not-too-gentle force, smacking your face right back into her looming sex with a lewd squelch. 

You wheeze for a moment, now mindful of the latest bruise forming on your belly, and try to catch your breath, thinking maybe biting the sensitive insides of a humongous bird wyvern wasn’t the smartest idea. You’re once more aware of a golden eye peeking at you, now an angry golden slit before your view disappears as her belly lowers again. You take a massive gulp of air as you’re once more engulfed in her hungering depths. 
You struggle less than before, mindful to try and conserve your oxygen as her insides softly massage your head. Her fluids drip continuously down your neck, seeping around your skull to fall to the dirt below, already forming a puddle of her thick essence. 

Despite the terror, you can’t help but feel a stirring in your pants. 

Even in this terrifying situation, the Blango-like part of your brain directly connected to your dick is in a frenzy. While every fiber of your being is screaming that this is all very wrong, you can’t help but find yourself approaching full-mast. And if you thought being face-sat upon by a Great Maccao was as bad as your situation could get, you greatly underestimated how bad things can possibly get. 

You suddenly feel movement lower on your body, the weight of the other Great Maccao pressing you into the dirt eases and you begin to feel something rooting at your waistline. Hot, wet breath billows under your shirt and the top of your pants, another wave of panic floods your mind at this development. You begin to struggle anew as you feel something sharp tug against the belt of your pants, you begin to frantically smack your hands against the Great Maccao’s underbelly, urging her to get off, to let you see what’s happening down there! 

Suddenly, you’re released from your fleshy prison, cool air rolls over you as the Great Maccao lifts herself up, thick strings of her lubricant trail from her wet lips down to your head as you take a welcome gulp of fresh air.

Wiping the sticky fluid from your eyes, you stare down your body at the second Great Maccao staring up at you from above your legs. A large puckered scar runs down from one of its eye ridges diagonally across its nose, its golden eyes stare up at you mischievously as one of its thick foreclaws tugs at your simple hemp belt. You can see a continual dripping of its own arousal puddling in the dirt behind it as it pulls and easily cuts through the only thing keeping your pants tight to your body. 

“Oh, for Gog’s sa—” you lament before your face is once more engulfed in the first Great Maccao’s hungry pussy. From within the heated walls you can hear the two bird wyverns cackling to each other as a harsh tugging at your waist tears your pants clean from your body. 

Not even kicking in protest, you lay still having concluded that you’re not getting out of here until these monsters get what they want; at least they haven’t eaten you—yet. 

With your pants gone, your underthings follow quickly behind, and now you’re bare-assed and completely exposed to whatever these perverted wyverns have in store for you. You flinch when you feel something warm and textured butt softly beneath your dick and against your sack. The warm scales of a snout brush around your semi-erect cock, humid breath buffets your crotch as the second Great Maccao savors your male scent. You can’t help but feel yourself getting stiffer, just the foreign touch of another seems to be exciting your instincts, the small sampling licks she plants on your flesh certainly aren’t helping as she explores your anatomy. You’re not entirely sure what the second Great Maccao is interested in, but it’s not long before she makes her intentions known.

A sudden wet touch along your stiff member sends a jolt up your spine and a low moan into the soft depths encasing your head. Your fingertips ineffectually dig into the Great Maccao’s scales as another lick of warm, wet muscle slithers up the underside of your dick and sets your nerves afire. Not being able to see what’s happening outside of the darkness of your fleshy prison is both terrifying and oddly arousing: every touch is unexpected, every lull a tense moment awaiting the next surge of startling pleasure. Wet velvet heat rolls underneath your balls, gently cupping them in warm muscle, before dragging upward, drawing along your flesh from your base up to your tip. Bumpy taste buds roll underneath your glans with a delectable friction before the sensation disappears altogether, leaving your cock needily throbbing, washed in the hot breath of the one pleasuring you. After a moment the tongue returns, running over your sack and leaving you soaked in wet saliva. You involuntarily groan and cry lustily into your living prison as your dick throbs painfully, it’s too much—far too much to handle. 

Lightning dances beneath your eyelids when you suddenly feel the surprisingly prehensile tongue wrap fully around your cock, wrapping it from base to tip in slippery flesh. Globs of her saliva drip from the toothy maw hanging just centimeters from your most precious flesh to tangle in your pubic hair, puffs of her hot breath roll over your crotch and belly as she lustily huffs with need. The scarred Great Maccao’s tongue squeezes at your penis like a satin fist, its hot flesh, slick with her viscous saliva, rolls over your length as she gently caresses your shaft. The texture of the wyvern’s tongue pulls and tugs at your cockhead as the slick muscle glides over your member, slicker and tighter than any woman you’ve ever been with.

The feeling is too much for you, the sensations at your dick drown your mind in pleasure and lust. You press your face into the silken walls of the monster’s pussy and groan lowly. The Great Maccao’s tangy nectar dribbles into your mouth, her musky female scent awakens your carnal instincts and you find yourself lapping into the soft flesh of her sex, driven mindless by the lust flooding your brain from the delectable tongue servicing your shaft. Her spicy essence is delicious upon your tongue and you swallow it greedily like a desert wanderer at the first taste of water. You press and turn your face into the warm flesh, delighting in the slick texture of her vagina, encouraged by the soft croons heard through her body and the rhythmic clamping of her sensitive muscles on your head.

You feel the Great Maccao using your body as a dildo shiver as her innards once more press and squeeze against your head, you madly lap at her insides, but suddenly she releases you from her folds, apparently letting you catch your breath. Heady from the lack of oxygen and dazed with arousal you stare down at the scarred Great Maccao blowing your cock, her lurid, half-lidded eyes meet yours as she guides you into her parted muzzle with her tongue. Her canines kiss along your length as you’re suddenly enveloped in an all-encompassing heat. You can’t help but buck softly into her mouth, the ridges along the roof pull at your glans as your cockhead presses over them. 

All too soon your view is once more dominated by the nether lips of the Great Maccao straddling you. For once, you’re not entirely terrified as she lowers herself upon you, she seems to know to periodically let you breathe and with your mind swimming in lust, being neck deep in a pussy is awfully arousing. You begin to press your face into her inner walls once more, licking as much of her insides as you can with your tongue. Your fingers explore along her underside, fingertips brush over increasingly finer scales and warm skin until you find the little mountain that is her clitoris. 

Her clitoris is relatively large, as is the rest of her anatomy, roughly two fingers in diameter and as hot and velvety soft as the rest of her flesh that’s not covered in scales. Taking the little nub in your fingers you gently caress it with a firm touch and are rewarded with a particularly powerful hug from her insides. Lightly rolling her swollen button between two fingers, you feel her whole body shiver around you as she releases a pleasurable trill. You can hear her heartbeat quickening; her muscles gently knead your head and more of her fluids escape between your union. All the while, the scarred wyvern is giving you a blowjob to die for. 

Your mind is whipped into a carnal frenzy, one hand is rubbing and squeezing the Great Maccao’s clitoris while the other traces along the fleshy lips parted over your head, your attention is driving the Great Maccao wild and she begins to softly grind against you, her pleasurable moans audible even from inside her body. Your head is painfully rotated on your neck by her gyrations, and you begin to feel like your head could pop clean off if she continues. You softly pound on her underside, and press against her belly with your hands, she gets the message and gently lifts off of you. 

Drunk with lust, an idea begins to form in your mind, you press backwards against her belly with your hands as if you were trying to move her with your arms, she peers at you along your body, but seems to understand your signal and shifts her body backwards. You guide her with your hands until you’ve lined her clitoris up with your mouth, you meet her eye and give her a soft pat when she’s in position and she begins to lower herself once more, carefully guiding her firm nub until it is within reach of your mouth. You carefully encircle the monster’s mound of flesh with your lips, suckling on it like a meaty popsicle. Her taste is earthy, barely perceptible over the lingering taste of her fluids still on your tongue. The Great Maccao straddling you lets out a long, bestial moan, her body shivers, scales clicking softly together like the sound of a breeze through leafy boughs. 

You tense as you feel another hot tongue roll over your belly, the Great Maccao above you gently laps over your skin in appreciation of your sensual treatment. A soft whine punctuates her short huffing breaths as she slathers your skin in her thick saliva, and you take some satisfaction that you can bring pleasure to such a large creature, even if you didn’t exactly consent to this.

All the while, the scarred wyvern is still lavishing your member with her expert tongue. With your head no longer buried neck-deep in Great Maccao, you can just barely see exactly what she is doing to your cock. Her gaze catches yours and she growls, the vibrations from her throat reverberate through the silken flesh pressed tight around your member in her mouth, sending a further jolt of pleasure up your spine at the new sensation. Your hips buck involuntarily, sending your dick further into her steaming maw. Your crotch kisses her warm, scaly lips as you hilt inside of her, but the scarred Great Maccao suddenly pulls away, releasing you from her mouth. Thick trails of saliva dribble from her lips, and your dick throbs needily in the air from the sudden lack of stimulation. 

She watches your reaction all the while, an impish grin tugging at her scaly lips. Your eyes plead with her, not fully sure that she can understand you, but despite your fright, your body aches for release. Meanwhile, the Great Maccao straddling you has almost rubbed you belly raw with her grateful licking, but seeing her chance she darts forward, mouth open wide like she’s preparing to bite into the neck of an Aptonoth, greedy for the chance to taste your male flesh. The scarred wyvern reacts with a sharp bark, jaws parted to show her wicked teeth in a threatening display, hissing lowly. The Great Maccao above releases her own hiss, but sulkily relents, returning to her wet ministrations across your stomach.

With her dominance asserted, the scarred Great Maccao returns to your cock. You gasp at the sudden hot and slimy touch of her tongue as it encircles your length once more, thankful that such a large carnivore is so mindful of her teeth. This time, she begins to bob her head along your shaft, up and down, her tongue following the movement. You buck wildly at the stimulation, fighting your body away from the precipice of release. She suckles lewdly on your staff, you can barely hear the wet sounds of your lovemaking over the panting of the monster above you. 

Driven wild by the sensations, you begin to swirl your tongue around the small spike of wyvern flesh in your mouth, your hands roam the Great Maccao’s underside until, lifting them over your head, you can just reach inside her opening to massage her inner walls. Fingers press into soft muscle, slick with her arousal, you can feel her heartbeat beneath your fingertips as her walls clench and meet your hands with every convulsion of her sex. You begin to softly bite at the Great Maccao’s clitoris, carefully pressing your teeth into the sensitive, firm flesh, following the pleasure-addled movements of her body as she cries out needily over you. 

The Great Maccao croons her arousal with a chittering voice, her silky inner muscles press into your hands as you explore what you can reach, finding the spots within her body that reduce her further to a shuddering mess. The scarred Maccao blowing you has increased her pace, your dick throbs, trickling salty pre onto her tongue and she rumbles pleasantly at your taste, lapping at your fluids as if they were the sweetest honey. Her carnivorous teeth graze over your sensitive length, and her steamy maw suckles and teases at you, begging for your release.

You’re not far away now. 

Your mind fights every screaming nerve yearning for you to finish. Pleasure floods your consciousness, you fight to delay it, to live forever in this moment, teetering on the edge of orgasm, driven into the throes of pleasure by two incredible partners. 

Your tongue suckles and teases at the tip of the huge clitoris in your mouth, your teeth pull and press against her pearl, her inner walls clamp around your hands with wet sounds as her pleasure grows. 

Suddenly, the Great Maccao above lets out a low guttural growl, her body goes stiff as her vaginal muscles clench and pulse tightly around your fingers. Her voice rises, singing her release with a feral roar; you go into overdrive, stimulating your partner as she rides through her orgasm. The thought of bringing such an amazing creature to release engulfs your mind in a warm fuzziness, the terror from before is long forgotten and you can’t imagine yourself to be anywhere but right here with these two in this moment. After a handful of shuddering seconds, the Great Maccao comes down from her high, her copious fluids have drenched both you and the ground beneath her. Panting and drunken on her own afterglow she moves off of you with unsteady steps to stand nearby, watching your continued mating with glazed eyes. 

Now free to raise your upper body, you curl forward, slick fingertips brush over the pebbly scales of her face as you gently grasp either side of the scarred Great Maccao’s muzzle, matching the bobbing of her head and staring into her eyes. Her golden, pleasure-addled gaze never leaves yours, thick with lust and ardor, as she suckles you off. Her maw is too long for your shaft to enter her throat, as with human women, but the devilishly prehensile tongue she possesses wraps you in a slick hold like some kind of tentacle. Thick globs of her saliva wet your flesh, dripping from between her lips, and lubricating you both as the anaconda-like grip of her tongue strokes you from base to tip. The cunning wyvern varies her method, watching your pleasure-stricken face and changing her technique accordingly. Squeezing and suckling tighter, constricting over your glans or long tender strokes down your length, as soon as your face scrunches up she relents, loosening her grip and even withdrawing her tongue from your body entirely. You plead, fingernails scrabble over scales as she pulls her head away from your hold, your dick pulses in time with your excited heartbeat, shining wetly in as much of your own precum as her saliva. She stares at you slyly, even going so far as to dart an apologetic lick across your face, leaving you sputtering at your own taste as much as hers, before enveloping your cock once more in her tongue’s coils.

The heat and pressure of her maw sear your tender flesh as she suckles and bobs on your manhood, quickly bringing you once more toward the edge. You stare in wonder at the great scaly head holding such a sensitive part of yourself in so sensual an embrace, awe-stricken at such a large and powerful creature carefully bringing you to the heights of pleasure with so gentle a touch. Your hands wander from around her jaws to sensually rub at her eye ridges, you hope her scales are sensitive enough to enjoy your touch. The scarred wyvern’s eyes nearly roll back into her head and she croons around the dick in her mouth, a sweet call that tugs at your heart and a vibration through her flesh that nearly doubles you over as you begin to cum—hard. 

Your hips buck wildly into the scarred Great Maccao’s mouth, an instinctive drive to bury yourself as deep within your partner as you can as you begin to feel the overwhelming pleasure of orgasm flooding through your nerves; a tickling wave of ecstasy growing deep within your bowels and arcing through your brain like streaks of lightning. Your fingers squeeze tighter into her warm scales, dimpling gently into the fat and muscle of her body as your penis tenses and jumps as the first spurts of your seed spray along her tongue in thick milky ropes. She growls lowly at your taste and suckles harder, squeezing and constricting your shaft with her slippery coiled tongue as she milks you for your life-giving seed, greedily swallowing everything that you give her. Your hips pump as hard as you can, stars flash across your vision as you hilt yourself almost painfully in her scaly muzzle. Toes curl as you spasm and hold on for dear life through the hardest orgasm you can recall, rope after rope of your cum splashes within her carnivorous maw, painting her wicked teeth white and stringy with your essence. Her tongue viciously strokes up and down your shaft, a wet and slick pump intent on drawing out everything your body has to give. She growls lowly around your cock, the added sensation makes you cry out in sheer overstimulation. Time seems to hold still, but eventually your cries of pleasure grow ragged and hoarse as the last of your seed splashes against her pulsing throat. The scarred monster releases your spent cock from her steamy muzzle at last, swallowing the last of your load with a pleased rumble and licking her lips of anything she missed.

You fall backwards to the grass, exhausted and sticky, muscle aches and bruises begin to make themselves known as pleasure ebbs from your mind. You close your eyes, focusing on your own afterglow, but a shadow looms over you, darkening your vision through your eyelids. You open your eyes to the sight of another Great Maccao pussy, swollen and dripping with need. The scarred Maccao stares at you from between her legs, a large toothy grin dominating her features as she lowers herself over you, dozens of other golden Maccao eyes gleam from the bushes. “Oh, Gog, are you serio—” You can’t even finish your sentence before you’re neck deep in another monster’s vagina.
