No one but a select few are really well off these days but you manage to scrape by earning a semi-honest wage working for a ‘bank’ though the whole ordeal is really a more predatory version of the payday loan vendors of today. A glorified loan-shark if you will. Anyway that’s not what’s important, what is important is you have access into places within the building, certain safes you’re able to get into as part of the general activities involved in your day. Not the highest security clearance level by far but you’ve been around a while and you’re trusted, so you’ve increasingly gained extra responsibilities and with them, the access required to carry them out. 

The stool next to you at your usual bar scrapes backwards, drawing your attention away from your drink as a boy who looks far too young to be here takes it. You pay that part no mind, nor the fact that the bartender doesn’t even blink as he orders himself a drink. Life’s like that around these parts and even in the nicest part of the city you’ll find young boys in bars, although they’re usually there on the arm of a much older man or lady. Must be nice for some, to be able to buy someone who’s exactly your type and upgrade once they start aging out of it. If you had that kind of money you wouldn’t even think twice about it, young, cute, slender legs and soft cheeks, expressive eyes and a cheeky smile…

“Hey, you’re staring… you want one too? You’re lucky, I can afford that for once. Not often I get to be Mr Smooth, nice.” 

Said with a wink the kid’s words snap you out of it. Kid? Maybe not, he’s too confident for that, but then again those from the streets grow up fast and he doesn’t look like his cash comes from any sort of legitimate business. The way he delivered the line should have been a warning, no one that cute comes to bars like these, there has to be a reason for it. You’re too tired and blinded by his sweet smile to think about that though. Desperate to know more about him, you agree, draining the rest of your drink as he takes your next from the bartender.

Things go too well from there, he’s definitely young, and a bit of a lightweight at that but you’re convinced that his own intoxication is rubbing off on you as you laugh in response to his jokes and fall for his sometimes awful pick up lines. It’s not the alcohol that has your hand on his thigh creeping under the hem of his shorts though, nor the alcohol that has you trying to pull him into the bathrooms, saying you can’t handle waiting, you want to do him here first, then again when you’re at your place. He’s somehow everything you’ve fantasized about and more, right down to the bratty way he tells you of course you can’t before leaning right in to your ear.

“The things I want you to do to me can’t be done in some tiny toilet stall, take me back to yours and I promise I’ll make it worth the wait.”

Your lips are on his instantly as the bartender tells you to fuck off with your new toy and enjoy breaking him in. You will, you very much will. His ass is so tight as you squeeze it on the way out the door, laughing as he jokingly tells you off for groping him so openly because what if people see. You’re going to absolutely ruin him; you have to and it’s what he want’s after all. You’ll just have to see if he can take it.

The elevator is already dodgy, slow and creaky even with just yourself inside it, but it feels like it sways as you push him against a wall upon entering. You’ll fuck him here if it breaks, you don’t care. Hands sliding under his shirt, you find his nipples as you bend down to kiss him again. High whines and breathy moans pour into your mouth as you twist and pinch his soon stiff little nipples. They’re small but so sensitive and you just know that the rest of his body’s going to be the same. Just as a hand begins to wander to the fly of his shorts, the elevator abruptly stops. You refuse to take your hands off him completely, hand wrapping around a wrist as you pull him to your door and one inside, right to your bedroom. You don’t even have to pull him onto the bed, as soon as you’re sat on it, he’s on top of you, straddling your legs and staring deep into your eyes with his own unique ones. Eyes you’ll never forget.

He's more of a slut than you could have imagined, grinding his already erect cock against your stomach needily as he presses his body flush against yours. The words that leave his lips as he begs you to fuck him are nothing short of obscene and he’s stupid if he really thinks that isn’t all that’s on your mind right now. Pulling his shirt over his head meets no resistance from him but a hand lands swiftly atop yours as your fingers finally do land on his fly. Winking at you he pushes himself off from the bed, taking a couple of steps backwards before putting on a show. What a cocky brat, he probably finds himself at a lot of dives like your go to, picking out a tired, lonely person like yourself and letting you take out all that pent up sexual frustration on his sinful body. It really is tight, no excess fat covers his form – you wouldn’t be surprised if this is his way of getting a roof over his head at night. Well, if it is, he’s welcome to use yours any time he likes. 

It isn’t long until he’s on top of you again, pushing your back flat against the bed as he guides one of your hands to his small, yet desperately hard cock. You don’t hold back from jerking him off as your lips start to leave deep red marks down his neck and shoulders but that isn’t all you want to be doing. Your spare hand fumbles for it, but thankfully the bedside drawers are in reach and when your hand makes contact with the draw handle he catches on. He’s either smart or just so used to this that he knows the play by now. Lube and a condom find their way onto the mattress and you’d thank him for that if your mouth wasn’t preoccupied with drawing even louder moans from him by abusing a nipple. The walls are thin in this building, one of the many cheaply made skyscraper apartment buildings from when the district was trying to look like there was still enough money going around for everyone. You don’t care that your neighbours are going to hear his moans, if anything you want them to and for them to be jealous of the catch that you got.

While he was already loud, it’s not until your fingers are fucking into him and curling into his prostate as they move that you hear the sounds that almost have you coming on the spot. Sobs leave him, quiet at first but growing increasingly louder as you abuse his body with pleasure from every angle. With a quick glance you confirm it, the wet splashes starting to land in your hair as you continue to use your tongue, lips and teeth on his chest are tears. You have to pull back to take it in, his face overwhelmed, mouth hanging limply open and tears falling steadily down his cheeks as he gasps and moans between sobs. You remain transfixed until it’s just too much. You can’t just let him have all the fun. Removing your fingers you flip your positions, pushing him back into the bed and looking down at his dishevelled appearance hungrily. Now it’s your turn.

Time passes in a blur of moans, sweat and bodily fluids. You don’t have the energy to even think about cleaning either of you up, nor about what the clock might actually say. You don’t have work tomorrow so you couldn’t care less, your eyes are heavy and there’s a sticky, yet adorable boy curled up in your arms already fast asleep, so you give in to the urge. Your thought earlier may have been fuelled by the thought that you’d get to fuck him every night but this side of it’s nice too. If he hasn’t left by the time you wake up tomorrow, you’ll see how he reacts to the offer, it’d be nice to have someone to share the place with, as cramped and badly constructed as the place may be.

A sudden shock zaps you awake, followed by a hushed curse in a slightly hoarse voice. Huh? Someone’s in your apartment, the boy? No surely not, even though it makes sense his voice would be hoarse, why would he be shocking your wrist like that. Blinking your eyes awake you try to make him out in the darkness, only to hear more hushed cursing as you start to see his silhouette. That is him. Slurring a question of what he’s up to, your un-harmed hand manages to find the lamp, flicking it on. You’re only more confused – still with his hair sticking up at odd angles and dried cum on his stomach, he’s crouched beside your right wrist with some form of tiny computer and a pouch of tools beside him on the mattress. It dawns on you far too late what he’s doing. The wrist has your security disk in it, a small metal plate inserted up your hiring to give you access to necessary areas of the bank. The computer must be doing one of two things, erasing the data, or copying it and you have a feeling it’s the latter. Dread sinks in as you realise you’ve been played. As soon as you realise what’s going on, his hand darts for the pouch, a tiny knife secured in his nimble fingers as he pulls it back.

“I was hoping we’d get to do this the easy way, I really hate when it comes to this. If there’s anyone that deserves this it’s the guys running the show, but I really can’t risk this if I want to pull things off.”

The knife taps your wrist over the disk a couple of times and at first you expect him to cut it out of your skin then and there. Unfortunately, his plans are more final, not even a second later the knife is at your neck, sinking into soft skin. The last thing you see as your world fades to black, are those stunning eyes watching you with an apologetic melancholy and a single tear threatening to slide down an already tear stained cheek. 

“Sorry.”