Ancient 1: The Warrior Trio

It was a disgusting site. Blood and innards everywhere. It was enough to make anyone with a weak stomach hurl at the sight. The echidna, leading the pack of 3, steeled himself and walked over to the red stained transmitter dropped by Tails. He looked down at it, and the scene around it, and knew what Tails had sent out had to be true, even though he didn't want it to be. "Sonic... really did all this?" Vector questioned, looking at the remains of what was once Amy. "How? Why? And to his closest friends..." The chameleon Espio sighed. "Whatever Sonic was when he did this wasn't something normal. I've seen them fight, I've seen them do what they do. I couldn't see them being able to rip someone apart like this." Knuckles shook his head in agreement. "Yeah. Whatever he is now, he's gotta be taken down, before he hurts anyone else.... or worse." With that, they left their hole and walked back to the puddle of gore that was once the small genius Tails. "Well, where do we start looking then?" Vector said, looking around at anything besides the corpse in front of them. Espio pointed towards the broken trees of the forest, and the trail of blood and drug dirt that intersected it. "We go that way."

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"He's huge! He really did become a monster!" Gasped Vector, as they all peared through the hole that was once the door to Sonic's abode. Inside was smashed furniture, the trophies from Tails and Amy, all of which surrounded the now sleeping behemoth. "What are we gonna do?" "We're going to kill him." Espio said, pointing to him and then to the hammer and tails. "What he has become needs to be put down. Look at him. Look at what he's become. I'm going to put a stop to him myself." And with those words, he pulled out a kunai, as his entire body became translucent. With footsteps that not even the most trained ears could hear, the chameleon traversed his way over to the hedgehog, before lifting his ninja weapon. With a swift motion, he dug it into the neck of the sleeping beast, but as soon as blade touched fur... the blade broke. The fur was like an armor surrounding Sonic, but the blade was capable of waking him up, and before the chameleon had a chance to step back, a backhand from the demon sent him flying back into the wall. He grabbed his chest, coughing up a bit of blood and spit onto the floor in front of them as Vector yelled out. "RUSH HIM! We've gotta stop him!"

In quick succession, Vector came in, somersaulting high and opening his jaws to clamp down on the monsters neck, as Knuckles unleashed a flurry of blows into his chest. Espio soon followed, darting around the monster, trying to pinpoint and attack what he believed to be vital areas. They continued their onslaught on the beast, pushing him back inch by inch, further and further into a corner. But before the thought could cross their minds that they were in some way winning, both the echidna and the chameleon were in Sonic's grasp, as he had them both by the face, before slamming them into the ground in anger. With a violent, deep yell, he went for the crocodile who was still desperately gnawing on his neck, taking a hold of his upper and lower jaw to wrench them open, before bringing them forward and beginning to pull. A whimper could almost be heard escaping Vector as the tear formed by his mouth and his jaw began to crack open, before the bifurcation took wing. With a strong pull, the de-fecto leader was ripped down the middle, before both sides were thrown to the side. His innards fell to the floor, as his blood sprayed out around the room. The chameleon, being the first of the two to get up, screamed out at the sight. "VECTOR!! YOU'LL PAY!!!" he yelled, before going invisible again, and letting loose everything he could against the oni. Kicks shot out at lightning speed, as kunai's shot out like bullets towards the beast.

As he threw more and more punches and kicks, the demon stood still, and began to flick his ears around, listening to every bit of his surroundings. After a few more blows were struck, he quickly reached out, and had the ninja by the neck. Espio struggled, in vain to keep attacking the beast, stabbing at the arm that had him grasped, while the monster began to tighten his grip. Soon, Espio's last ditch attacks lost their fervor as the breath was escaping his lungs. Before he was going to pass out, he was thrown yet again, this time to where Amy's hammer lay. As he stayed there, straining to move, let alone get up, the beast marched forward, before taking the hammer in his hands and raising it. With one final breath of "Please, don't..." Espio fell, and so did the hammer against their head. A shattering dent formed from the center of impact, shaking the ground around them, as a sickening crunch rang around the room. Blood, bone chips, and grey matter flew about the room from where the hammer hit, turning the stealthy fighter's head into a pile of mush. The oni left the mallet in the caved-skull, bringing himself up before slowly looking back to at the echidna who had finally begun to rise up behind him, the most furious aura and expression among him.

"My team, my friends, everyone. A part of me was wishing it wasn't true when we heard the news." Knuckles said, raising his fists to a fighting stance. "But now I want nothing more than to see you die, here and now." At those words, the monster leaned forward, roaring at them in response. The roar was soon cut off as he brought up his giant arms in defense when Knuckles flew at him with a massive blow, sending them back nearly a foot. He continued sending blow after blow, punch after punch, into the beast, pushing him back farther and even sending shockwaves with every swing. With one final shot, he pulled back and sent a blow heading towards them. But as he did, Sonic soon released his defensive stance, letting his arms open to grapple the smaller opponents wrist. With a quick crack, Knuckles arm was broken in two, and a pained screech was heard, before their other arm was grabbed, and Sonic pulled once again, this time peeling away the echidna's limbs from his body. The beast curled his lips as he threw them to side, while  Knuckles fell to his knees, blood pouring from his wounds. He looked up at the towering monster, who walked over to them, before sending one last retort Sonic's way.

"Screw you."

And with those last words, Sonic brought his clawed hand rocketing forward, into Knuckles throat, before pulling up hard and shredding it clear off. As his neck shot out crimson, the body of the final member of the trio fell, while the beast gave a triumphant roar. After he had finished his screech of victory, he soon took to collecting what he wanted from the three. He pulled the now broken necklace from the split corpse of Vector, and one of the many kunai off the ground, before taking them over to the same corner where the tails still sat. He placed their trophies next to the tails, before digging the hammer from the mashed skull of the chameleon, and collecting it with them. After that, he scrounged back up the gloves and head of the echidna, before going to work on it. He made quick work of his macabre project, before placing the now cleaned skull and bloodied gloves in front of the pile. After everything was said and done, the beast lurched back around, heading towards the entrance and out into the open world. The time of resting was done and gone. The oni had gotten more than a taste of the warriors of this new place he was now in, and wanted nothing more than to hunt for more.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Before the demon left, a small bee who had been spying through the window with eyes not of his own flew back into the forest. After getting a considerable enough distance, a wisping spell escaped his teeth and flew into the air, while his body fell and tumbled on the ground below, slowly dissolving into rotting mush. Elsewhere, the which came back from her vision, smirking at what had transpired. The samurai had been fully taken over by his rage, by his need to hunt, and now he had a place to fully let loose, far away from her.
