Ancient1: The Beginning	of the End

I should not be following this demon, this witch. But I go where I'm needed, and wipe the lands of anything that stands in my way. I chase her down, through the forests, keeping in close pursuit as we clear it. We reach a torii, it's lacquered red now peeled and rotten. A small inkling of my mind is telling me not to get close, but when i see her beneath it, casting her spells, her devils magic, most likely trying to escape, I take no chances, and lunge at her. Before I know it, the torii glows, and I'm engulfed in a white light, before everything goes dark.

"Let your rage tear apart a land far away from here as beast. And may you never return to cause bloodshed again."

												 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
"Come on Tails, it's been years. Dark Gaia, werehogs, that's all behind us, buddy!" Sonic said as he patted his friend on the back, calming the nervous fox down as he went to lounge on the couch. "You need to take a rest, Tails. Even I do every once in a while. Sit down and relax." He kicked back his legs as he sat down on the couch, while his friend timidly sat next to him. "I know, Sonic. It's just, I'm still shaken by everything that happened. The world breaking apart, what you had become, it was... it was scary. I'm just a little nervous something like that might happen again..." He said, looking down into his lap. "Don't worry, buddy. The planet's fine, and your old pal Sonic's here to stay." He reached over to pat his nervous wreck of a friend on the back, but was stopped in his place, as a bright light engulfed the room, and Sonic fell to the floor in pain. As he tried to get to his feet, tried to move, his limbs started cracking and his muscles tore and stretched, while smoke began to billow from his mouth. He screamed through it, as his small friend came to his side. Tails could see his body malforming, he could see Sonic's limbs and body begin to stretch and grow, and tried to yell at him. 

"Sonic! This might be some weird remnants of that werehog form! Fight it! Don't let it --CAFF-- take control of you!" He made his way out of the room, pushing back through the smoke, before catching his breath and fighting his nerves. "Come on... you gotta help your friend. Your hero! You've gotta help Sonic." After psyching himself up, he steeled himself and walked back to the room, to the new site to behold. This wasn't a werehog. The body was taller, and the limbs were longer, but he was thinner, as if it was at some halfway point. Horns had sprouted from his head, his quills looked like blue fire, and they all encompassed a misshapen, fanged grimace with black, dead eyes. He was just standing there, the smoke dissipating around him, as Tails fell to his rear, crawling back until his head hit the wall. "S-Sonic, what happened to you? T-this isn't a werehog... you look like a monster!" The beast continued to stand there, motionless, as the smoke cleared. Tails slowly got to his feet, walking over to the...thing that his friend had become. 

After taking a few steps, he stopped as Sonic's eyes began to grow a bright yellow, while the blue beast leaned his head back and yelled. It was a yell that shook the very earth around them shook. It was a deep, guttural howl that sounded unlike any beast the fox had ever heard. It continued to yell as Tails backed away again, covering his ears in pain from the ear-shattering sound. It went on for what felt like forever, with the poor child begging for Sonic to stop, before it finally did, and Sonic locked eyes with him. With a single angry swipe, Tails was sent flying into the wall, cratering it behind him, as his breath was knocked out of him. The beast barreled towards him, and pinned him by his arms, before roaring in his face again. Tails winced as his ears were barraged by their voice, and squirmed to get one of his arms free to grab anything to fend himself, but the demon noticed his struggle.

With a swift pull, the possessed hedgehog easily ripped their limb off. Bone, flesh and muscle torn away in an instant as blood began spraying, and the kitsune let out a yell of their own. He was tossed aside, limb thrown opposite as Sonic howled again. Before he could get a chance to grab him again, Tails was already out of the building, crashing through and flying away through the forest. It wasn't long though until Sonic was close behind, While Tails did his best to traverse his way around the trees and branches, the roaring beast behind him only barreled his way through, the trees in his way cracking and splintering around him, and any animals in his way being thrown like ragdolls.. Powering through the pain, Tails pushed himself faster, getting distance between him and the demon as the trees cleared and he saw Amy's house on the horizon.

"AMY!!! HELP!!! HELP ME!!!" Tails screamed as he bashed against her door, looking back every so often in fear at the forest, hearing the slight rumbling of what was to come. Soon he could hear the sound of the door unlocking and the chipper, but worried voice of the pink hedgehog. As soon as the door started to crack open, Tails blazed his way inside. "Tails, what's wro- oh GOSH, YOUR ARM!! What happened?!?" Amy gasped as she ran to a another room, digging around to get gauze, before running back to him and beginning to wrap it up. "I'll get you fixed up as best as I can, then we'll find a way to get Sonic, and put a stop to whoever did this!" Tails shook his head, sweating. "S-s-sonic is the one who did this... S-something happened to him, and he turned into some... thing. It was like a werehog b-but worse!" He winced as Amy finished stopping the blood and had the wound wrapped up. She gave a nervous chuckle at him, trying to calm him down. "T-that's crazy, Tails. Sonic beat Dark Gaia and Eggman a long while back. He can't turn into a werehog anymore. Y-you need to calm down, m-maybe you just saw some weird wolf or something and got into a scrap with it, o-or maybe Eggman made some weird new robot or-"

Tails yelled at her, scared yet angry. "I know what I saw, Amy! There was a bright light, a bunch of smoke, and then Sonic... my friend, was some beast with horns. And he tore my arm off. Amy, you need to get your hammer, you need to protect us, while I send out a distress signal." The hedgehog looked into the foxes eyes and saw his conviction, knowing that he was telling the truth. She got up and went back to her room, grabbing out her mallet, and readying it for a fight. Meanwhile Tails reached for a transmitter, and set out a signal to everyone he could think of. "A-anyone who can hear this! We need help! I'm at Amy's house! Sonic's been turned into some kind of demon!! Get here as quick as you can!! We. Need. HE-" His voice was cut off as  a roar was heard, as he dropped his device. "No... he's here..." Amy gripped the handle of her hammer tight, the roar sending a shiver down her spine. "Y-you're sure t-that's Sonic, Tails?!? M-maybe we can still talk to him!" "He's past the point of talking, Amy!" Tails yelled back, grabbing the biggest knife he could out of the closet to protect himself with. He knew, with whatever strength Sonic had, it wouldn't amount to much, but he wanted to fight and stop whatever had taken over his closest friend. "We need to stop him here, and now..." Amy nodded back at him. "Okay..."

A crashing sound boomed after that last word, as the demonic beast broke down the front wall of Amy's house, causing them to both cover there faces to protect from the dust and debris. Amy got a good look at what was in front of her, and her heart sank. A deformed Sonic-esque monster stood before her, covered in the blood, fur and feathers of the animals of the forest. He looked at the two of them, Tails first, and then Amy. "S-sonic, what happened to you?!?" She cried, looking at the hedgehog she loved in fear. "What have you done, what have you beco-" She was cut off as Sonic roared at them, and began to run towards her, arm pulling back for a heavy swipe. Fearing the worst, she went in for a strike, swinging her hammer as hard as she could, thinking to herself 'I'm sorry, Sonic.' She slammed the hammer hard as she could against Sonic's right side, but before it landed, the hedgehog reached up his arm, blocking the brunt of the blow. It didn't even move the hedgehog, as he screamed into her face and dug his claws deep into her stomach, as a giant bloodstain began to form, turning her pink dress red. 

She backed away, dropping her hammer to the ground, and grabbed at her chest. "S-sonic... w-why?..." As she fell to her knees and tried holding her wound tight, Sonic walked his way towards her. He reached down, grabbing her by the throat, and picked her up. She limply pulled at his hand as he lifted her higher, before taking his hand around her wrist and pulling hard. In one fluid motion, he tore apart from both ends, blood flying as a death rattle came from her throat, before her torso was ripped in half. Bones cracked, sinew tore, and flesh shredded as her innard flew out, splattering themselves against the walls of her room, and even covering the poor, cowering fox, who dropped his knife as soon as he saw the demon drop Amy's corpse and look his way. He flew past Sonic, speeding his way through the hole, but the demon didn't follow. He instead looked back, towards Amy's mallet, and grabbed it. He spotted the kitsune hovering away in the air hundreds of feet above, and sneered, before throwing the hammer hard, his feet slamming as the weapon soared.

Tails looked back behind him, hearing the sound even from his distance, and saw the hammer hurtling towards him. Before he could turn back to fly further, it struck him. At the speed the hammer was thrown, it easily caved into the fox's back, before splattering his insides into the air, turning the yellow-orange kitsune into a fine red mist in the sky, as what was left of him stuck to the hammer that continued to fly forward. 

As the hammer, and the foxes remains fell to the ground, Sonic ran on all fours, glancing over his kill. He pulled the hammer out of the ground, along with one of the kitsune's tails. Trophies for the kill. He dragged the weapon behind him, He knew there would be more. He couldn't understand the small ones words, but he knew that he was smart enough to call for help. So he would be ready, to kill just like the rest. He had no master now, no one to give him orders, only his rage to keep him moving forward.