# Knotting 101
## -> This is a guide on knots, what they are, how to use them safely and some general advice I can give to fellow anons <-
!!! danger WARNING!
    I am just a random anon who is going off of a lot of lurking and my own personal experience playing with their own butt with dildos that are knotted. Each person reading this has a different backround, body type, and way to sexually please themselves! I am only trying to help other anons who are curious on how to play with knotted dildos. I am not responsible for any damage, injury or negative consequences you may suffer from with improper play or use! I am not licensed in any medical field and I or is this guide IS NOT trying to give any medical advice. Play at your own risk, any action you take with or without this guide is entirely up to you, the reader. Decide what is best for you and PLEASE play safe!

Now that we got the warning out of the way, let's delve into the wonderful world of being knotty!

**What is a Knot/Knotting/Getting Knotted?**
-A knot is that bulge or sudden increase in girth that certain dildos have towards their base. Knotted dildos are inspired from certain animals in nature that have said knot on their penises that swell with blood when they get errect. This is mostly used to keep the male inside the female when mating so the male can reproduce easier. The first animal that probably comes to mind are dogs and wolves, who have said anatomy to help the male stay inside the female. 

**What is the Appeal To Knots?**
-The main appeal of a knot is for anal/vaginal enjoyment. Some people like to have a 'full' feeling when masturbating/having sex with dildos, and one of the main appeals to a knot is the sudden and/or gradual increase of girth helps even more with that 'full' feeling and sexual stimulation. A knot is larger than the majority of the shaft that's already inserted, and is often the 'final' hurdle when playing with dildo, and when you overcome the hurdle, the knot filling you up really tightly, pressing against so many nerves will often send someone into a REALLY strong and lovely orgasm. This goes double for men. When you finally get a knot inside of you, you can often 'squeeze' your prostate on the knot, and the constant pressure on your prostate will almost always send you overboard, cumming buckets.

-Another appeal to knots is the mental aspect of it. I know when I ride, I will often be trying my best to get the knot in after getting used to the shaft, and slowly but constantly put pressure on the knot, changing different positions, angles, and putting real effort into getting the end goal of a knot pop. And when the knot 'pops' in, often I will have my mind go blank and try to process if the knot really did go in. And when you realize and feel that, yes indeed the knot popped in, I start to feel both acomplished and extremely horny over the fact I got such a large and pleasurable thing inside me. I think I take pride in getting something so big and good inside of me, and now I get to have the reward of next level prostate and anal stimulation. Other anons have similar feelings, saying that, like anal sex, the mental game is at least, if not more than half of it. If you're not in the mood to ride a dildo, let alone try to conquer a knot, you probably won't enjoy it as much as someone else.

-A final appeal to a Knot is the stretching of the anus/vagina. Some people can use the same dildo over and over again, and be content with it, and there's nothing wrong with that. Some people, however, will need to increase the size of their dildos as time goes on. This is because their body gets used to the size and shape of their dildo, and the dildo isn't pressing against all the nerves that it used to previously. A knot is a great solution to this! While the shaft is almost always accustomed to the adjusted anus after multiple uses, the knot is often bigger than the butthole/vagina of the user, and will take an actual effort to get inside, and when you finally get it in, those previously neglected nerves suddenly get a rush of silicone, thus leading to both the physical and mental reasons of why a knot is so sexually errotic. 

**Are Knots A "Furry" Thing?**
-No, knots are not inherently a "Furry" thing. While the anatomy of the dildo is often based around animals in nature, that's not the main appeal of a knot. A knot is meant to provide pleasure to your anus or vagina with a feeling of fullness and stretching. While some people ARE sexually arroused by furry and breeding fetishes, the dildo and knot itself isn't a "Furry" thing. Knotted dildos come in all shapes and sizes, and a lot of them are desigened around fictional entities or characters, so if you cannot get past a "Furry only" mentality, you can explore your options! Some companies I have seen even make a realistic dildo with a knot on it. So no, a knotted dildo isn't a "Furry" thing, but if you can't get past that mindset and think it is, maybe knots aren't for you, and about half of anal play is mentality.

**How Do I Pick A Brand/Model That's Best For Me?**
-This is a tricky question. This will mostly come down to what you like and what works best for you!
Here are some (but not all!) things you need to consider before purchasing a dildo with a knot on it:
-What is your size range for dildos you regularly use for anal/vaginal play? Do you use smaller dildos, or do you need a thicker, longer, and meatier dildo to achieve sexual satisfaction?
-What is your body type? Do you think you have a smaller frame with smaller organs, anal ones too, or do you have a larger set? To determine this easier, refer to your "go to" dildos. Do/can you insert bigger dildos with stretching, or can you simply warm up on bigger dongs? Or do you always feel satisfactorily full with a smaller dildo?
-What shaped dildos do I like/work well with me? Some people can use "weirder" models like fantasy dildos, while others can only use realistic dildos.
-What firmness of dildos do I like? With knotting, it's best to go with the softest firmness possible for both inserting and pulling out, but some people really like a firm, hardly moving dildo.
-What brands/companies do you like? When knotting comes to mind, Bad Dragon is the most infamous for knotted and big dildos, but there are many other companies who make dildos! And this of course means better prices and qualities! When the free market competes, the consumer wins!
-What's your budget? Some people have no problem spending over a hundred dollars or even close to two hundred dollars for their specially designed and desired dildo, while others only want to spend the smallest amount possible. With my two sense, I would say it's best to spend the extra money on a good, quality dildo. You don't want a cheap dildo with who knows what material inside your butthole or vagina. This could lead to chemicals leaking into you, and that could lead to a whole host of problems. 
-How picky are you with smaller details? Do you HAVE to have no imperfections on your dildo, do you NEED it to be a specific coloring, or do you not mind saving a few bucks buying a "flop" that has a slight flaw in it when it was being made?

**The Sock Method**
-If you can't/won't spend the money on a knotted dildo, one thing you can do to help decide if knotting is right for you is to try the Sock Method. This will require a sock and a condom. What you need to do is stretch the sock over a dildo of your choice, and where you want the knot to be, and ball up an appropriately sized knot for your dildo. Then, you stretch the condom over the sock, and you now have a jury rigged knotted dildo! Feel free to experiment and adjust as needed! This is a great method, especially if you tend to ride smaller dildos often, as you can see if you really can take knots in the first place! And as always, use plenty of lube!

**Writer's Personal Recommendations**
-As of right now, I would personally only recommend two companies for knotted dildos. Those would be Bad Dragon and Neotori. Bad Dragon is probably the most infamous fantasy dildo maker, and they make a whole host of different shaped dildos, and they have many different ones with knots designed in them! While rather expensive, they are a reputable company and they have a very loyal fanbase, and for good reason. They deliver what that fanbase wants. 
Bad Dragon: https://bad-dragon.com/

-My now preferred site, Neotori, is a small, German based company who uses Etsy to sell their products. While they have a smaller selection compared to Bad Dragon, I still would recommend their site! They have a softer silicone for those knot pops, and they of course do have knotted dildos, the Mundir being one of their most popular designs! Not only are their dildos softer, but they are cheaper than Bad Dragon! Even with across the ocean shipping and currency conversion rates, they are still WAY cheaper than Bad Dragon!
Neotori: https://neotori.com/

**Other Recommended Companies**
-This will be updated in the future from other anons with their input. If you would be so kind to help me out by leaving companies you're really happy with that make knotted dildos, it would be extremely appreciated!

**How To Use Knotted Dildos**
-Finally, we reach probably the most important part of the guide, how to actually fuck a knot! Now before I go on, I cannot stress this enough:
!!! warning ALWAYS USE PLENTY OF LUBE! IF YOU THINK YOU ARE USING ENOUGH LUBE, YOU'RE NOT USING ENOUGH! ESPECIALLY WITH KNOTTING, YOU CAN NEVER GO WRONG WITH MORE LUBE. NEVER BE AFFRAID TO KEEP IT GREASY, SO IT'LL (relatively) POP IN EASY!


-Now, when using a knot, you need to be much more aware of what your body is telling you. You need to be aware that with a knot, it is often a sudden increase in size and strain for your butt/snatch. And this can not only be a shock to your body, but this could possibly hurt. And it should NOT hurt. You SHOULD NOT experience pain when trying to get a knot to pop in, or experience pain when it pops in. Do not confuse this with the unfamiliar feeling of having a larger girth inside you, you should not feel pain, and you should not bleed. 
!!! danger If you bleed or feeling any pain, STOP IMMEDIATELY! YOU DO NOT WANT TO HURT YOURSELF WITH TRYING TO HAVE FUN! IF YOU HAVE A LOT OF BLOOD OR PAIN, PLEASE SEEK MEDICAL ATTENTION. I KNOW, IT WILL BE EMBARRASING TO ALL WHO ARE WITH YOU AND SEEING YOU, BUT YOU DON'T WANT TO DIE OR DO IRREVERSIBLE DAMAGE TO YOURSELF BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T TAKE ANY PRECAUTIONS OR DIDN'T STOP EARLIER! BITE THE BULLET AND GO TO THE HOSPITAL AND TELL THEM YOU SHOVED SOMETHING IN YOUR ASS AND IT'S CAUSING PROBLEMS. If it's any consultation, sexual fuck ups are common, so at least the ER people won't be surprised or upset with your mess up.

**Lube**
-When you've finally taken proper precautions, now is where the fun begins! Part of the fun of a knot is that you never really truly know if/when the knot will pop in, and if/when that pop happens will be dependent on you! Here are a few factors you need to be aware of when trying to have some knotty fun!
-Lube. Lube, lube lube. You can NOT have enough lube! What kind of lube you use is also a factor you need to be aware of! With silicone, you shouldn't use silicone lube. When using silicone lube with a silicone toy, it will degrade the toy, often weakening the structure of it, eventually leading it to break or whittle away. Here is proof:
"Silicone Degradation Experiment": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ox-Gb9qTCJM
"Silicone Degradation Experiement - Conclusions": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpYtDCYGiu0
-I recommend X-Lube. X-Lube is a great, water based lube that you make! It's extremely economical and of great quality! You can make up to 20 liters of lube with one of their bottles! 
X-Lube: https://xlube.com/ (X-Lube used to be available for US shipping on Amazon, but as of late you can't do it, you can get around this by using Canadian or German Amazon links, but I'ts sadly more expensive than it used to be)
-J-Lube is also another common lube choice. It's very similar to X-Lube, but has sugar added to it. I have no experience with J-Lube, as I am still on my first bottle of X-Lube over a year later, but if you like J-Lube, that is also another good option!
J-Lube: https://www.amazon.com/JorVet-J0109-J-Lube-Lubric-Pwd-10Oz/dp/B006G2S17A/ref=sr_1_2?crid=2LKFBAP1KQI1F&keywords=x%2Blube&qid=1653304201&sprefix=x%2Blub%2Caps%2C90&sr=8-2&th=1
-I have also used coconut oil a couple times. It's really good for keeping you lubed up, but you need your body heat to make it slippery. Some people swear by it, some people don't like it, give it a try, and see how you like it. You can buy this from most grocery stores

**Positioning**
-Now, we finally got our dildo, and we got it lubed up. Now it's time to start having some knotty fun. Whatever way you use to get warmed up for anal/vaginal insertion is what you should do to start getting in the mood. Some people like doggy with a suction cup on the wall, some people like squatting, some people like using their hands only, whatever you like the most! Start getting that shaft in you! Whatever you usually do to get a ridin' get to it cowboy!
-Keep in mind we are still warming up and getting into the groove of things. This is us getting used to having a good time, we are not at the knot yet. Start slowly getting yourself riding and inserting your dildo of choice until you can reliably get most of the shaft inside of you near, or down to the knot. 
-After getting used to your dildo inside of you, you have finally gotten to the main event, the knot. Now is where all your prep work and efforts are going to either be handsomely rewarded or foiled! You're at the top of the knot! Congratulations! Now, you need to start experimenting! You need to figure out how to get that knot inside you! This will require you to try different tactics, positions, and varying amounts of effort. Here are a few things you can try to see if it helps your knotting escapades:
-Keep constant, but pleasurable pressure on the knot. When you have the knot at the entrance of your ass/vag, you need to keep a constant amount of pressure on it. This helps your body get used to its hopefully knotty surprise it will be receiving soon. By keeping yourself constantly pressed on the knot, this can help open up the orifice you want to get knotted, and thus, get knotted.
-Try "The Retarded Hula Girl": I call it "The Retarded Hula Girl" because this will help you remember this better when trying to knot up. While keeping constant pressure on the knot, try to shake your hips and ass on the knot like a Retarded Hula Girl dancing. This can help massage and open up the anus/vagina, letting the knot pop in.
-Try to get an angle or edge inside of you first: Often, knots won't be a perfect ball, they will have some sort of bump or edge or some kind of feeling that you can try to help it get in you. By having an edge of the knot inside, this can help "dig" inside you, and when applying constant but plesurable pressure, this can help get the knot to pop in!
-Relax. Do not force the knot in. That is how you can cause tearing and other nasty damage. You want the knot to pop in as gracefully and smoothly as possible. Now, you can help it along by trying to massage it and using your fingers to push it inside you easier, but you should only do this when you know it won't be painful. Knots are going to be an obstacle, that's what they are, and you should help it in when you can, but as I've said many times, you should only do this when you know it won't hurt yourself and you're being careful. 
-Try to 'shit' on the knot. I don't mean trying to literally cover your dildo in dookie, that's fucking disgusting. What I mean is try to have your butthole flex on the knot like you're trying to pass a bowel movement. For some reason, this helps open up your anus by relaxing it, and this could help greatly! Only "push" on the knot slowly and with a minimal amount of strain. Don't try to strain hard, that's how you can get hemroids and other ass problems.
-Keep your weight on the knot and use gravity towards your advantage! Use your body weight! If you like the squatting position, this will really help! While feeling comfortable and knowing you won't hurt anything, apply your weight onto the knot. This, along with a constant pressure is a wonderful combo! Let gravity do its job and pull you closer to popping in that knot!
-Use a floor or a hard surface. Unless you already know that you can easily insert a knot in and out with no effort, you should use a hard surface as a base when trying to pop a knot in. If you try to use a soft surface like your bed, this will often lead to you bending the dildo into a postion that hinders or stops your knot popping progress. If you REALLY want to use your bed to rest your knees on something soft, I recommend using a book, a plate, or something you can sit on without any threat of it bending or contorting. This will help you keep that pressure on the knot you really need!
-Experiment! Try some positons or tactics that you enjoy! You know your body more than I do, so have fun with it! Just remember, you never have enough lube, and if you experience any pain, stop right away.

**(POP!)**
-After trying and having so much prep work, you finally got that knotty, knotty knot inside! I hope you enjoy it! Trust me, you will. If you ever watch other knotting videos where they finally get the knot to pop in, most of the riders will have that rush of emotions and start moaning in utter suprisement and pleasure, and now, you finally get to enjoy that! Trust me, when you finally get that knot in, you will know exactly what I mean.

**Miscellaneous Info**
!!! info Here is some extra information that I didn't think would fit in anywhere else, or is an afterthought. Keep in mind this guide will be updated as time goes on, so feel free to re-read the guide from time to time! This is a communal effort after all! 

-Be wary of gaping and extreme stretching. While some people really, really enjoy gaping and stretching to larger and larger limits, I personally think you need to be careful of this. While none of us really don't know the long term effects of anal, we do know that humans shouldn't put things in their asses in the first place. The ass doesn't lubricate enough for sexual exploits, and while it feels really good, we really don't know if there are any short or long term negative consequences of anal play. This goes double for knotting, and triple for stretching and gaping. Knotting feels REALLY REALLY great. It truly does, but you need to be careful. If you think there is a limit on what you or the human body can realistically shove into its rectum, and if you exceed that, damage could happen, maybe it's best you draw the line at what you think is not safe anymore. Me personally, 3.5 inches to 4 I think is the limit one should push it to, but that's me personally. I have a large frame and am very tall, so I probably can insert larger things easier, but this can and will vary for each reader. Be safe, please.
-This is kinda obvious, but you should be 'clean' before any anal escapades. You should pass a bowel movement at the very least. If you like enemas and they work for you, use them as well. I also take psyllium husk everyday to help keep my stool mostly intact, so there isn't any 'residue' when enjoying anal.
-Try different ways to orgasm with the knot in you! Some people like knot fucking, where they either grind the base of their dildo with the knot inside them, some people like to push it in and out, and others like to keep the knot in for that constant feeling of pressure n' pleasure! When I get my knots in, I will often have that mental rush of "Oh shit, I finally got it in...." and will then flex my prostate on the knot. I will then raise my toushie in the air and start squeezing harder and harder on the knot while masturbating. This will often lead to a huge and messy orgasm everywhere. 
-Give your anus a day or two to heal up. As mentioned with the first tip, we aren't meant to shove things into our ass, and when we do, we could cause some tearing and damage, even if we don't feel anything. Small tears in the anus can happen, and you need to be aware of that. It's a good rule of thumb to give yourself a day or two to rest by not going into more anal adventures. If you feel up to having multiple sessions a day or having them for the next couple of days, make sure you let your anus and butthole recover. You don't wanna damage your asshole.
-Incorporate other fetishes to help you get that knot in! For me, I love watching other porn videos of actors popping knots in. It makes me feel confident and sexually charged to have me get my knot in. Whatever similar insertion/anal fetishes and preferences you like, try to incorporate them as well, it'll help distract you trying to pop a knot in, thus leading to easier pops!


!!! note And thus this is the end of my guide of Knotting! I hope you enjoyed, and I hope you will enjoy your knots. I'll be lurking, so feel free to share your knotty experiences, it makes me feel happy and also a little horny seeing others enjoying a good ol' fashioned pop! Not only do I get some gratification on reading your experiences, you may help out improving the guide! Thanks for reading, and stay knotty!
