"Here you go Sunny!" Mari said to her younger brother. She had recently began to play 'Draw with the baby', in where Sunny and her would pick up an object and draw it together. Sunny tried his best and even when he wasn't good, he had fun. Mari couldn't help but keep a wide grin plastered on her face as she colored in the picture that she and Sunny had made. Her eyes wondered over to where Sunny was. She saw him sitting on him bum - reaching for a brown crayon. A giggle escpaed from her lips as she reached over and handed Sunny the crayon. His little baby fingers wrapped around it, holding it with a closed fist. Sunny blinked at her, sucking his binky before waving his little arms up and down. "You're welcome, Sunny!" Mari grinned back before returning back to drawing with Sunny. The little baby looked at the flower in the vase. His eyes sparkled as he looked it over. Turning his eyes onto the page that his sister was drawing on, he suddenly got an idea. Spotting an empty white sheet, next to him - he went to grab it, crumpling the corner. Tumbling onto his stomach, Sunny began to doodle the flower. His tiny hands moving the best they could. In the end, it looked like a child's drawing. It was cute. "Wow Sunny! You're such a good artist!" Came Mari's words at her brother's adorable doodling. Too focused on his work, Sunny decided to add something more. As best as he could, Sunny drew his sister, father and mother next to the rose. Once Mari finished her drawing, she glanced towards her little brother's one. Her eyes widened at what he drew. "Oh wow, Sunny. That's so cute. I'll get mom to see it!". Sunny watched as his sister walked out the living room and into the kitchen. Sunny saw his sister leave and got a little sad. In reponse, Sunny used all his might to push himself onto his legs. Stumbling a bit, Sunny took a few steps before getting the hang of it. Grabbing his piece of paper, Sunny then waddles into the kitched. "You have to see it, mom. Sunny drew a cute-" Mari's words died on her tongue as she saw it. Her baby brother... walking towards her. Mrs Suzuki's eyes widened as she saw it as well. Once Sunny came right in front of them, he looked up at them - waving the drawing up and down. "SUNNY! YOU CAN WALK!" Mari hugged her little brother tight, his cheeks squishing against her chest. Mrs Suzuki knelt down and picked him up before kissing his forehead. "Such a cute drawing, little scrunkly." Taking it from his hand, she pinned it on the fridge. They all admired Sunny's drawing, smiling all the while.
