#Hero’s Time to be in Control
 
   Hero decided today would be different, Anon had always been the one in control whenever they had sex and Hero loved it but for today he wanted to be the dom. Hero called Anon down for dinner with him excitedly walking into the kitchen hoping for a lovely meal cooked by his boyfriend. Anon saw nothing on the dinner table 

“Hero-baby, why did you call me down for dinner if there’s,” before Anon could finish Hero pushed him over the table, hand on his neck. Hero proceeded to unzip his pants and pulled them down. Anon gasped  before whispering “oh god yes,” Hero heard it and knew he was in the clear to go forward.Hero pulled anon’s pants down, seeing him already getting hard at all of this, he spread his cheeks and plunged his dick in hard. Hero thrusted with force, shaking the table every time his hips moved, keeping his hand on Anon’s neck with a firm grip. Anon felt himself getting hornier just over him being at his will, and feeling Hero’s strong hand wrapped around his neck. Anon felt his ass cheeks slap Hero’s pelvis with every thrust, his body getting filled deep and hard with immense pleasure. Anon began to moan before Hero used his other hand to cover his mouth, 
“You think you get to moan, you're my pleasure toy and I want you quiet.”

Anon wanted to nod but felt Hero’s grip on him get tighter. Hero got even harder and deeper with his thrusts, almost getting balls deep into Anon. Anon felt it getting harder to breathe with both a hand around his throat and him getting pressed into the table. Anon couldn’t take it anymore and came onto the floor, Hero taking notice scoffed before picking him off the table and holding him and pulling his leg back for a full nelson. Hero put all his energy into these thrusts, trying to be as hard as possible as punishment for getting cum on the floor. Anon felt so much pleasure throughout body, feeling the combined upward force of his thrusts with the downward pull of gravity. Hero could keep composure anymore and began to pant and moan as hips moved more and more on their own. Finally Hero felt it coming and tried to maximize how deep he could go, letting Anon almost slide on to his base. Anon was pumped full, feeling Hero’s warm man milk fill up his inside. The both panted with Hero dropping him back onto the table letting cum leak out from him. Hero starred as his pleasure filled partner for a moment before picking him up and carrying him  like a princess to their bedroom, giving him kisses for being so good with his role. Hero rolled them both into bed holding him close as reward for giving him control this time.