#The garbage bag finally gets a job

"GOD DAMN IIIIIIIIIIIT!"

I was running, practically rushing to my destination like a anime schoolgirl with toast her mouth running late, You're probably wonder why i'm dashing in the first place, it all started yesterday when was out for drinks at the tavern.

"So... i had this thought come in my head recently"

"Hmm? What's on your mind?"

"You know how... for the past 3 years we've been living off my parents money?"

"Yeah, they're nice..."

"I decided that i kinda wanna..."

"Wanna, what?"

"I kinda think we should... get jobs for ourselves."

My partner Maddi and i for the most part, have never worked a day in our lives, Maddi's father was a high ranking officer of the law and her mother was a secratary for a major law investment company, so we've been living the good life.
The idea that Maddi would suggest this idea shocked the heck out of me.

"I know this idea sounds crazy but... i don't want mooch off my parents forever... y'know?"

"Okaaay... but what did you have in mind?

Just then, from seemingly out of nowhere she pulls out a flyer, and slams it on the table. it was for a local guild that was hiring.

"Isn't that, like, for the adventurer types? You know we aren't exactly those kinds of people."

"There's more to it than that, look here!"

She skitters to a specific section of the flyer, The section said that they we're looking for a janitor.

"A... Janitor?"

"Yeah... it's a simple job that literally anyone can do"

"I don't know..."

Ever since i became a shut-in back in the human world, i almost never tidied up my room, and the fact i woke up as one of the grossest species of Pokemon there is, might make everything worse. But then, Maddi said something that would immortalize my decision.

"Look... i know your species isn't well known for its... cleanliness.... but... when i first met you... i was hesitant at first... when my sunhat was floated to the top of your head, i thought you're going to kill me instantly... but i took a shot and ever since... we've been besties for the past 3 years... if i can take a shot at something, then you can too..."

"Hmm... ok, i'll do it... but..."

"Yeah?"

"If i'm gonna take this job, are you going to take it with me?"

"Um.. ah... i-i-i guess?"

"Why are you getting so flustered all of the sudden? Aren't you the one that inspired me to take this job?"

"Well, i-i wasn't expecting you to suggest that we take this job together!"

"Hey, you literally hang out on my person, like you're some kind of hobo!"

"Y-you're calling me a hobo? You got a lot of nerve you smelly bag of take out!"

We continued to fling insults at each other until the tavern closed, Maddi passed out while we're heading to our apartment. We ended up getting the job, and it honestly isn't too bad, the members would always up calling me "The Janny" for some reason, and i REALLY hated having to clean up puke from this one Skourpi guy. All in all i'm glad i took the job, and i'm more glad me and Maddi took it together.