Basic rules for communicating with Baelz and seducing her to mating press, as well as practical tips during intercourse.

1. During flirting, combine caressing with roughness. Pat her on the head and then slap her in the face. But control the force of the blow before she gets turned on, a hard slap can lead to unintended consequences. Continue your crazy flirting. Compliment and insult. Stroke her cheek and then squeeze them roughly. Kiss her forehead and immediately lick her nose. Hug and pull her ears. Combining roughness and caress, carrot and stick, you will confuse the rrat. She will be confused, she may be offended, but most importantly she will get excited. You will know that the rrat is aroused by the scarlet color of his face, the rapid incoherent speech, the restless movement of his tail, and the flattened ears.

2. Remember. Baelz is the consul of chaos and during arousal her erogenous zones may manifest in different places. Dr. YabeRys, a specialist in the reproductive system of the rrat, noted that during his research there was a case where in a (French with extremely rough play of tongue) kissing Baelz experienced a powerful orgasm. Figuring out which point has become erogenous is very simple. The rrat will rub, fidget with these places. Your task is to stimulate these places. Act as roughly and tenderly. For example, if the erogenous point is her flat tummy, then stroke it and lightly beat it. Pull her tail, bite her earlobe, rub her clitoris. Whisper in her ear tenderness, stroking in different places. Keep stepping all the time and don't give the rrat a second's rest. Soon the animal side will take over and excitement will increase. He will start to heat, his eyes will glow with hearts, will respond to your caresses. The tail will whip restlessly at her feet. These signs confirm that the rrat can no longer control herself. And she can be pressed.

3. At this stage you have to stop being gentle. You have to act roughly and decisively. You are the Alpha and she is the submissive Omega. You can give the initiative to the rrat, but Dr. strongly recommends against it. Studies have found that despite the excitement, the rrat herself does not show initiative well and quickly goes out. She prefers to give herself completely to her partner and craves dominance over herself. Therefore, do not hesitate to act decisively. For example. Put her on your knees and have rough oral sex. Teeth are not to be feared, they are not as sharp as they seem. You can tease first (research by the «I want fuck rrrat» community has found that she likes balls on her face. Dr. YabeRys, with the help of Mori assistant, confirmed this by plugging her little nose with big Mori balls. The rrat had an orgasm and almost passed out from pleasure). Or you can immediately grab her with a mating grip. It all depends on your preferences and desires. The main thing to remember: the rrat must always be below you. And always be under your dominance.

4. Rrat's favorite mating press pose. She will not be satisfied if the intercourse will be without this pose. You need to mate especially fiercely and violently in this pose, literally pushing her into the bed/floor/table/car hood/wall/toilet rim/any other surface. But still, don't forget to take precautions. Don't squeeze with all your weight, it can cause cracks in the hip bone. Don't choke her neck, almost choked her once. And try to control yourself. A couple of times, Dr. YabeRys' assistants Mori, San and Suisex lost control during research (Mori beat the poor rrat, San almost choked her with her rocket, and Suisex used a knife...).

5. Sexual intercourse can last from your capacity. If you ejaculated before, then bring the rrat to orgasm by improvised means. Never leave her without an orgasm. This is bad for its health! The rrat herself can have about 15 orgasms before she passes out. Tested by Dr. YabeRys.

6. After intercourse, on the contrary, you should show tenderness and care. Take her to the bathroom, give her a massage, create a pleasant environment. Take care of her. Afterwards you should put her to sleep. The rrat needs to recover. And be sure to tell her how much you love her. And kiss her on the forehead.

@ Brochure compiled by «The LewdHolo» society and « I Want Fuck Rrrat» Association with the assistance of Dr. YabeRys.