#MUDAMUDAMUDA

To say she is a gym rat would be a bit of an understatement at this point. No one sane, or without as much stubborness as her, would try to outtrain Kaylee of all people, but well, most would call her crazy and she sure as hell is a headstrong person.

However, today is not a good day to be in the gym in her opinion. Most of her pals are occupied doing something else, even Kaylee, as surprising as it is! Well, she would just do a bit of practice today and be done with it.

This would be her schedule for today but she saw an interesting sight. Bobby Samson, alone, shadowboxing, without one of his pals or how they are collectively known, “The Boys”. Grinning, she got an idea.

“Hey Sunny Boy!” Calling him in a playful tone, she sees Bobby snapping out of his “training trance”, looking at her a bit startled, before going back to normal. “Oh Hi, Atsushi-San. Hey! I am Sunlight Man, not a Boy!”

“Whatever you say. You are training your boxing, right? Care if I train with you?” Direct and to the point. No reason to give in for pep talk right now. They are in the gym, so they are here either to train or spar. “Atsushi-san”, she realized. “Also, cut the bullcrap of “Atsushi-san”. I’m a student and your classmate. Orochi is just fine.”

Despite them being in the same classroom together and having similar fighting styles in their cores, they really hadn’t a more in depth conversation or even training, which is a funny prospect. What are the odds anyway? She would ask Chris later.

“Alright, Orochi. Well, I could use a sparring partner anyway. You want to do it now or you want to prepare your-” Cutting him, she makes her way to the sparring area. “Right now, of course. Do you need prep time? If so, I can wait.” Her tone is still playful and energetic, yet she tones it down a bit in the last part, she wouldn’t mock him for stretching and getting together for the match if he needed it.

“Nah, to me it's fine. So let 's go on?” *”Oh well, this match is going to be fun.”* she thinks. They make their way in silence to the sparring area. She wouldn’t deny not being excited to face another boxer like her. In a few moments, they are already in the area, facing each other across the ring.

Cracking her knuckles, she is the first to break the silence. “So, any rules in mind?” Putting his hand on his chin, he thinks about it a bit. “I think it would be unfair to ban quirk-” For a single moment, a dangerous sharpness rises in her eyes, making him stagger a bit. *”Shit, that wasn’t intentional”* she realized too late. “But we can work something out. Well, be responsible and try to not hurt each other too much? And the winning condition?” She can work with that.

“Okay, on my part, no quirks and until we are tired? I’m very idle right now. Is it good to go on?” Bobby nods. Her tails wrap themselves around her waist, like belts. The face of the Sunny boy widens in surprise, an appropriate reaction for seeing this for the first time.

“Yeah, just let me put a timer on my phone to start the match up.” Pulling his cellphone out of his pocket, he sets a timer on 15 seconds. He puts it on one of the corners of the ring, away from where the action would be taking place. “Good to go.”

They both get in position, across each other, waiting for the call of the timer.

“10…”
“9…”
“8…”
“7…”
“6…”
“5…”
“4…”
“3…”
“2…”
“1…”
“GO!”

[BATTLE THEME: Time to Fight](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bkp1mhdQxZs)

She wouldn’t question why one of the ringtones of his was a straight “go”. Not right now anyway. They approach each other, in a boxing stance. Contrary to the normal expectations, the start is fairly slow. With them both approaching each other and then retreating a few steps.

Extending their arms in a tentative punch before retreating again. *”Time to shine, Baby.”* Her grin grows as she advances in a single dash forward, taking Bobby on surprise due to the 0 from 100 action of Orochi. In a moment, her left hand launched forward towards his left side in a jab, he ducks to the left.

“Gotcha!” Taking him by surprise, her right hand propels upwards in an uppercut, taking him by surprise. She wouldn’t punch him with the full strength she uses against the likes of Kaylee, but well, enough force to make Bobby work in their training together. With quick thinking, he jumps back,making her hand just slightly bruise his chin. Now the fight starts for real. Bobby advances.

His speed was almost blinding fast. Cutting their distance, he advances with a cross, building his momentum and almost piercing through Orochi’s defenses. Raising her left leg she attempts to plant her knee on the lower abdomen of Bobby. Noticing this, he raises his right left in response, making them hit each other and nullifying their momentum. His hand goes towards Orochi’s face.

She answers this with a punch of her own, aiming towards Bobby’s arm, hitting the bullseye, she disaligns it as her punch bouncy towards Bobby’s fight, who avoids it by slightly moving his upper body in the direction contrary to the punch.

In a second, he understood their entangled situation. Taking advantage of the circumstance and with his free hand, he punches her in the gut, making her retreat a few centimeters, due to her precarious situation with her left leg slightly raised and her tails bound, her balance falls off, making her fall on the ground.

WIth a smile, she throws her hands back, making them touch the ground first. As soon as they did that, she wanted a camera to take a photo of Bobby’s face. Instead of falling on her butt, she starts to breakdance. Moving towards Bobby like an angry ‘lil white tornado, she unleashes a fury of kicks, using her hands for balance and stability as her legs launch themselves like whips towards Bobby. For a single moment between her movements, she sees Sunny Boy’s dumbfounded face. “Where did you learn that?!”

He asks before her left foot planted itself not so gently on his tummy. “When you brawl on alleys, you ‘boutta learn some sick moves!” *”It would be cooler with my tails tho.”* Recovering his stance, Bobby moves left and right, trying to avoid her sick moves from hitting him. Holding his breath, he raises his fists and shoots them towards the incoming attacks, repelling them as Orochi moves left to right, trying to hit him with a wave of random and unexpected attacks.

Hitting her legs and feet didn't do much to stop her moves or even slow her down little as she continued to dance, he couldn’t parry all of them. Some hitted him in the ribs as others landed on his chest.

Taking the moment of surprise, she uses her hand to launch herself up, standing up again and welcoming Bobby with a punch to his right side, hitting his shoulder spot on, making him flinch. “Alright! I’ll show you some sick moves too!” To not get outdone by the coolness of her break dance, he jumps back as his body starts to shine in golden light, he is going to strain himself doing something cool.

Out of the blue, he advances towards her, his hands moving surprisingly fast, making a “wall of Golden fists” go in her direction. *”Yeah, this is cool.”* She thought. Like flipping a switch, the gamer part of her brain awakened itself after seeing the Golden Wall, as if seeing a new stage in one of her favorite games.

Raising her fists in challenge, she tries to match Bobby’s attack 1:1. Her fists try to connect to his, more often than not hitting afterimages of his surprisingly fast moves, but other times colliding with his. Slowly but surely despite her attempt to copy a very old anime, she is pushed back by his “wall of punches” who glows more golden as he pushes himself.

“Alright! Round One ends! You outdone me with this move!” She broke the predicament with a smile, satisfied with the results of this sparring. Taking a breath, Bobby put his hands on his knees, gasping for air. “Seriously… punching you felt like punching a brick wall.”

With a smug smile, she inflates her chest. “Atsushi's blood makes stubborn warriors!” With a flat laugh, he sits on the ring. “Hey, how did you punch so fast? I have a fair share of brawls but I never met someone who could punch so fast.”

“I will tell, but only after you tell me how you included breakdance in your style!” With a cheerful laugh, she answers: “Deal!”

[BATTLE THEME ENDS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bkp1mhdQxZs)

(...)

“So, I had to fight this very annoying gal who always threw me on the ground to avoid me punching her into a pulp. So I watched some of the “cool kids” dancing where they moved very fast with only their hands touching the ground. I had already ballet dances, just as well as a box teacher and asked for my father to teach me. He said no. I went to my mom. She said no. Went to my older sister, she said yes. So I learned breakdancing to beat that annoying gal into a pulp. Any other questions?”

Her voice is full of pride and confidence. Well, his classmate is a very self-assured girl, it was to be expected. “So, your turn now, where did you learn to punch so fast?” Now is his time to answer. 

“Well, not long ago I watched an anime series with my friends. They said one of the villains kinda looked like me in my hero uniform and he punched very fast. Seeing you breakdancing in our fight motivated me to try a new move. Well, it looked like it worked to match your breakdancing.” Not a very cool fact like hers, but well, you cannot win all battles. Orochi’s face brightened with admiration, he could swear he saw some sparks jump out of her eyes and she wasn’t even Inigo staring at a girl!

“Hey Bobby! We are going to walk! You finished your training, right?” Inigo calls him, coming in with the other boys. “Well, my time is up. What are you going to do, Orochi?” For a moment her face dimmed a bit. 

“Well, I’m going to do some exercises, shadowboxing and go home.” She isn’t happy being left alone, he could feel the incoming boredom out of her. *”Well, since Orochi is… a tomboy, I think I can speak to the others and let her hang out with us this time?”*

Clearing his throat, he musters the strength to let the words out of his mouth. “Well… I think the boys will not care about you hanging out with us this time around. Do you want to come with us?”

A big, face splitting grin blooms on her face. “You bet! Count me in!”