#Inatsu Most Used Jutsu List

[TOC3]

###Wind Style:
Air Bullet
Blade of Wind
Wind Wall
Wind Release: Passing Typhoon
Wind Release: Eye of the Storm
!!!info
	Wind Release: Eye of the Storm
		Draws opponents towards user

###Fire Style
Caged Heat Arson Prison
Fireball
Phoenix Flower
Fire Release: Dragon Fire Technique
Fire Release: Fire Dragon Bullet

###Earth Style
Earth Release Barrier: Earth Prison Dome of Magnificent Nothingness
Earth Release: Earth Dragon Bullet
Earth Release: Earth Pillar Explosion
Earth Release: Opening Earth Rising Excavation
Rock Armor

###Yang Release
Thoughtless Action
Gigaimpact
Accelerated Regeneration
!!!info
	Thoughtless Action
		A triggered jutsu, if the user comes under the effect of a genjutsu the user’s body  fights independent of conscious thought. The user is unable to use advanced techniques in this state. Requires an overwhelming will.
!!!info
	Gigaimpact
		A technique that stacks on top of Chakra Impact. It’s said that in his younger days Inatsu could use this technique to change the landscape.
!!!info
	Accelerated Regeneration
		A technique which increases the effect of the healing arts.

###Yin Release
Genjutsu Communication
Genjutsu Cursed Seal
Mirror Mind
!!!info
	Mirror Mind
		If the user realizes his target is casting a genjutsu he’s able to use that brief connection of chakras to reflect the genjutsu back on the user. Requires an overwhelming will.

!!!info
	Inatsu is singularly untalented at Genjutsu, but he’s figured out work arounds through his Yin release. With Yin release he can use Genjutsu when applied through seals or communication arts. Most terrifyingly, he’s been the victim of genjutsu enough times that he’s figured out ways to use his opponent’s talents against them.

###Yin-Yang Release
Tao Punch
!!!info
	Tao Punch
		Used in conjunction with Chakra Impact Inatsu is able to match the power of Gigaimpact as it was in his prime. Exhausting final gambit.

###Summons:
#####Holstein-chan
The youngest of the cow tribe. She is a milk cow. Her milk is very nourishing and doubles as a medical aid. Her combat skill is on par with a normal cow. She knows no jutsu.
She has an inferiority complex that manifests as hime behavior. She is the youngest daughter of Angus and Longhorn.

#####Swiss-kun
A Genin-level fighter. He is twice the size of an average bull. Unlike his big sister he is unable to use transformation techniques to use weapons, instead opting to gore his opponents on his horns. He knows a few basic jutsu.
He is an enthusiastic young bull with dreams of being as strong as his brother-in-law Angus-san.

***

!!!info
	Every summon beyond this point is able to become a Minotaur

#####Red-chan
A chunin-level fighter. She is half again as tall as Swiss-kun. She is able to use Transformation jutsu to become a minotaur-like creature. She eschews the use of a weapon and instead focuses on Advanced Taijutsu. She dreams of pursuing the Seven Heavenly Breaths and calls Inatsu “sensei.”
She is Angus-san’s sister and thinks very little of him. Often making her big brother cry with a cutting remark comparing him unfavorably to ‘Inatsu-sensei.’ She gets along quite well with her sister-in-law, thinks she could’ve done better.

#####Longhorn-san
A low Jonin-level fighter. She is as tall as a building. She wears a massive Zhanmado on her back. She knows Advanced Weapon Arts. Her elemental affinity is Earth.
Longhorn-san is a kuudere and Angus-san’s long suffering bride. They are often summoned together.

#####Angus-san
A low-mid Jonin-level fighter. He is a little taller than longhorn-san. He is the war chief of the cow tribe. He wears a mountainous Tetsubo on his back. He knows a Hidden Weapon Art. He knows several ninjutsu. His chakra affinity is Earth and Yang.
Angus-san is a meathead. He is absolutely head over heels for Longhorn-san. He gets violently upset if someone points out she has larger horns than he does.

#####Wagyu-sama
The strongest of the cow tribe. She is a shriveled old cow about the size of a pony. She is a master of sound style and her bellow has been known to uproot forests. She can also use sound-style to cast auditory genjutsu. Her affinities are wind, earth and Yin. Inatsu is loathe to summon Wagyu-sama outside the most dire of circumstances for fear of wasting the venerable elder’s time.
She is a grouchy old woman that pretends to be suffering from Dementia. If she judges the circumstances dire enough… she drops the act. She is a wise old cow and brooks absolutely no disrespect.