As spring began, new clubs began to emerge in Hogwarts. Fliers for each of them being left all around the castle in places that students commonly gathered with each other. One club of note caught the attention of a few students, the magical theory club. A place where students could try to dig deeper into how magic works? That sounded fantastic! With all of the strange and quirky forms of magic that had started to show up in this year, what better way to handle things!

The first official meeting began right after classes had ended for the day and quite a few students seemed to show up to Professor Fig’s class. A teacher which always seemed too busy to supervise directly and so as people began to funnel in and begin waiting for the clock to strike the right time. One of the more well known witches of the school, Penelope Warwick walked in, the name itself having caught her interest. Eyes scanning across the room to take in who else had shown up. Some she recognized and some were new to her. She smiled and waved to a few of them, finding somewhere to sit before things began.

It was quiet for a time as the final students started to show up. The quiet conversations being had by smaller off-groups came to an end. People coming closer as someone who seemed to be head of the club looked around and smiled at everyone, stopping once he got to Penny. Squinting for a brief moment before asking if she was new to the club.  The excitement coming from her was rather obvious, her sentences running together as she introduced herself, talking about her interests in various rare forms of magic, unable to stop herself until the boy smiled and told her it was okay.

It was then that she was told about an initiation that all new students had to go through, some people looking confused as he continued. Explaining that everyone who wanted to join had to try on various magical attires in front of everyone else and try their best to describe where they believed it came from. For most in the room, they realized what was actually meant behind his words. Penny however didn’t quite realize it yet, nodding in approval as someone else brought over a massive trunk full of various outfits. Opening it up and grabbing one at random to hand to her.

This one seemed at first like a simple and yet revealing short-robe. A few open cuts here or there that could be considered suspicious but nothing too far yet. Some of the students helped her attach a few armored portions onto it and for a brief moment she could swear she felt a hand brush against her thighs. Shrugging it off as she looked at herself in a nearby mirror, with great gusto she announced that it looked like armor worn by battle mages back in the high middle ages. The entire room looked at her and nodded, though there was some distraction in the air as the next outfit came out.

The next outfit was much less battle ready looking. Having many more buttons, a hood, and even leggings and small bits of jewelry to match it! Though her chest was more open it wasn’t anything that brought too many questions. Those brushing hands however…they became more frequent as the others helped her into the outfit. A few quick squeezes and grasps did catch her off guard but she couldn’t see which student had done it. Taking a deep breath before saying that this one appeared to be a…very unorthodox form of how sorceresses were portrayed by muggles! A strange thing for them to have here but a good test either way!

It was then that the last outfit change she would have began. Noticing that this one seemed to only be green wrappings and a small leg tie, she began to question where the rest of it was before being suddenly caught off guard. Many of the other students had come closer to her as they couldn’t sit back and watch any further. Hands began to grasp and squeeze along her form, cupping and squeezing her rear end. A set of them grasping at her chest, rubbing their thumbs along her nipples. The touches, squeezes, licks, it was all so overwhelming. The witch not noticing that everyone else in the room had begun to strip themselves.

During a brief moment of reprieve, panting could be heard across the room before the man behind her picked her up off her feet. Making her lay back on one of the desks, her mouth opening to protest being manhandled before quickly being filled by his shaft, balls pressed right in front of her sight. She didn’t oppose it at first, closing her eyes and relaxing. Her tongue began to move as his shaft did the same. He was not the only boy in the room however, the rest not wanting to wait and stepping up closer. One pushing her legs open and pushing himself inside, a muffled moan escaping from her as he did. 

Two more climbed up onto the table and grasped at her wrists. Pulling her hands up to grasp at their cocks and by reflex her hands wrapped around them. Stroking, sucking, and fucking… It was overwhelming to the mind as each side of her had a man using her body. Her eyes closed as she drifted into the pleasure of being used like that. Hands moving on their own, tongue rubbing all along the cock within her mouth, legs wrapping around the student fucking her cunt. Each of their movements shook the table. The cacophony of moans, wet slaps, and creaking wood filled the room. 

This position wouldn’t last forever it seemed. Some of the boys tensed as they sprayed cum onto her chest and arms. The one fucking her throat pulled himself out to coat her face with that hot sticky seed. The last however did not have an opportunity to pull out, spurting within her body to fill her womb. Each of them taking a step back as she could only pant and watch as she was picked up again. This time by two other students, pressing her between their chests as both took a side. Pushing themselves into her as it seemed she was in for a long afternoon.

Time after time she was fucked. Students used her at every end, filling and coating her with their cum. Time after time she changed position. From that standing violation, to being brought to her hands and knees while two boys took her at either end, to bouncing on one of them while another used her throat and hands. The floor being coated in the combined mess of all of them using her back to back. No one noticed that the sun had long since set, the moon rising to let a much cooler light into the room.

When things were said and done, she was left there on her knees. Surrounded by a group all stroking and pleasuring themselves at the sight of her cum-stained form. Her head tilted up to face all of them as she opened her mouth, letting her tongue slide out as each of them started to coat her face. Staining that red hair, covering her glasses in it, and coating her tongue with a thick layer of cum. The rest of them stepped up with a bowl filled with their own seed. Placing it on the floor in front of her. Motioning for her to lick and drink out of it.

Her mind was hazy and unable to think in the moment, body moving itself down to lick it clean. Stained and filled entirely, a dim glow underneath her as the mark worked its magic even against all of that. The rest of the room finally seemed spent, each trying to find their robes and various badges and buttons. As they left, one of them stopped and leaned down, gently rubbing his hand through her stained hair. “Happy Birthday Penny. Same time next week?” She looked up at him and smiled with a nod, knowing she would need a good deal of time before she would be able to leave the room and get back to her common room.