The full moon grew close, only a night or two away. An ill-omen for most, but a source of irritability for one Hufflepuff. The build up to the transformation makes it difficult to think straight, let alone sleep. Faolán tossed and turned under the covers of his bed until eventually throwing the blankets off and sitting up on the side of the mattress. Grumbling quietly as he dragged himself to his feet, not caring to pick up his coat or glasses. A primal urge gnawed at the back of his mind, one that he had found himself able to ignore for the past few nights, but grew into an all consuming need. With a deep breath, he brought himself the clarity that he just needed to make it to the Ravenclaw tower, he had snuck in to do this before, he could do it again.

He began the slow trudge to the door out of the common room. The barrels shifted to open the way for him. A scent striking his nose, just for a moment…perfume perhaps? His eyes closed as he tried to fight the urge, but the smell only grew closer. One of the girls from his house, one he had grown rather fond of as a friend, simply trying to return to the common room. She picked an unfortunate time to come back. Had she returned a few moments earlier or just a moment later, she may have been able to avoid the encounter.

His whole body lunged at the fellow fifth year, his mind having slipped, all sense of morality he had before vanished in that instant. The sudden assault caught her off guard as she would find herself pushed back first onto a nearby barrel. She struggled against his grasp for a brief moment, unaware at first of his intentions. As his hand hiked her skirt, she realized what it was Faolán wanted from her. Huffing as she loudly whispered *“You could have just asked”*. The half-hound could only give a grunt in response, knowing that she wouldn’t fight made it all the easier to shift his hands to her hips. Pulling her body closer to his own, releasing her only to unfasten his belt, removing enough of the clothing to do the deed. Hands slamming down to either side of the girl, keeping her trapped in place as he pushed himself forward. Letting his length slide it’s way into her slit. 

On a normal night, Faolán would have been more gentle, his grasp more kind and seductive. On this night however, he thought and fucked like the beast he really was. Unable to deny what he was anymore, he took what he wanted, no, what he needed. His hips begin to roll and rock, sliding his shaft back and forth within the witch’s slit. Each motion forced the barrel to shake and creek underneath them. The sweet moans and sounds of passion filled the air, the wet smacking sound being drowned out by the feral embrace. His own body pressing down against her’s, letting his lips brush against her neck for a brief moment. Not hesitating to open his mouth and press down, sucking upon a few spots to leave mark after mark. Releasing with a warm breath of air against her skin.

The act of intimacy grew in its roughness, its passion, and its volume. His length pounding inside of her, hands grasping upon her form again. Holding her firmly in the place she was as if he intended to leave his own hand prints upon her hips. Each motion threatened to break the wooden barrel that the act occurred upon. The moans of the temporary partners became little more than struggled gasps. The witch wrapped her legs around him and tightly squeezed as she reached her peak. A high pitched, elongated moan escaping her as her body tensed. Faolán’s own body responded in kind, reaching his own release. Releasing that hot seed within her, a final few thrusts were given before he finally started to relax. The pair panting quietly as they gave each other a long stare, a slight smile appearing on the girl’s face as he finally began to pull out. The witch giving him a quick peck on the cheek as a thanks for the fun before he caught his breath, remembering just enough to begin his walk towards the Ravenclaw Tower, giving only the slightest attempt to fix his own pants, leaving his belt undone as the girl began the shaky legged-trip back to bed. Their collective juices dripped from her as she went.

She would not be the last of his conquests for the night. A Slytherin girl left ravaged upon the grand staircase, robes torn after the phrase *“Filthy Mutt!”* escaped her lips. A prefect would find and help her later surely. Fortunately, or perhaps unfortunately for certain witches, he did not find himself passing by any Gryffindor girls on his way up the Ravenclaw tower’s stairs. Though as he reached the top, his gaze caught sight of a flash of red hair. He recognized that witch, having spoken with her a few times before, once or twice about some “big adventure!” that she had been planning for the future.

He had already shown twice tonight that he could not fight the beast within, though it seems this time that his prey was prepared to deal with him. The look on his face or twitchy motions giving away his intentions, giving Penny the time to respond to his attack before his hands reached her. The quick flourish and fully spoken *“Depulso”* struck against Faolan’s chest. Sending him back against a nearby bookshelf and leaving him staggered for the time. He was in luck that she was intending merely to keep him back rather than actually harm him. Though the challenge only caused his anger to flare, the wolf-man quickly climbed to his feet, charging towards the red-head with a renewed vigor.

The realization of the situation showed on her face. A flurry of telekinetic spells flew towards Faolán as he moved towards her, forcing him to zig-zag around the room or hide behind various wrapped up suits of armor and globes. Each of them spinning, being knocked off of their shelves, and even flying across the room. A mess that would surely be hell for the house elves to clean up before the rest of the students began to wake up. If Faolán wanted the prize, Penny was doing her best to make him work for it. Deft hands and incredibly competent magic kept him far back enough to avoid the predator.

Unfortunately for her, she assumed he would continue to move straight towards her and instead he ran to the side of her. Dodging the blast of force intended to keep him away and letting him lunge at her side. Bringing her to the floor with him as she struggled and squirmed underneath his weight. Pressing her face first against the floor, sitting himself upon her legs. The man needed to keep his full weight on her to keep her still enough, swatting away her wand and grasping at her clothes and tearing away at them. As he reached her undergarments a smug look crossed his face. The girl was ready for such “adventures” it seemed. Her rear end revealed for him even without tearing at them.

Even in the exposed position she continued to struggle, legs kicking at the man above her as her body squirmed. The fight only brought more of the feral mind out of the wizard, leaning over her body and biting at her neck rather than the comparatively gentle suckles of before. The struggles slowed, but did not cease entirely. Was the witch used to being taken like this? A question that he would have to ask when he was in the right mind and had pants that were fully fastened. In the moment it didn’t matter, he intended to claim this final prize before the night ended. His body pushed forward as the man’s length rubbed against her cunt. 

The smell of lust and sweat filled the air, his teeth clamping down harder to keep her still as he pushed again. The head of his cock prodding against her waiting entrance a few times before he finally got what he wanted. Sliding in until he couldn’t push anymore, his hips pressing against her ass. Faolán didn’t start slow with this one, fucking her with the obvious intention to breed. Hands sliding along her body to grasp at her hands and hold them firmly to the ground. Letting his body do the talking from that moment on.

Thrust after thrust, he pounded her into the ground. She had fought well to keep him at bay, to resist the breeding, but the dominance, the possessiveness, it took a lot of strength to keep focused against it. In time she would give in to him, her eyes beginning to roll back as those moans would escape from her, tongue rolling out. Each of his motions responded to by  her body pushing back against his. Her back arched to let him slide in deeper, whether she wanted it and just played hard to get, or being fucked into the floor had broken her mind didn’t really matter.

 His teeth finally released her throat, leaving a mark that would stay into the next few days. Those familiar sounds of passion echoing into the room, neither cared if a prefect or the caretaker of the school found them like this. The heat of the moment mattered far more than anything else to the both of them. Each pound only causing a greater mess upon the floor *“F-fuck Faolán…”* That slick wetness accepted him fully as the woman’s body quivered underneath him, the hound and explorer getting closer and closer to that sweet release.

He was first to reach his own, pushing deep within her body as he finally reached that climax. Cock spurting that hot seed deep within her womb, lost in the tense moment and unable to notice the seal upon her body dealing with her being filled. The act of being bred made her body tense and squeeze to milk his cock, wanting more and more of that thick seed. Her body shook as she reached her own climax *“Fuck!”* He leaned forward and kissed her cheek, a kind gesture as he spoke in a more guttural tone *“Thanks Penny”*. He pulled his cock out of her as he began to drag himself to his feet. The witch gave a limp hand wave and quiet whining sound as he left her there. Leaving her to clean herself up with the sound of the ravenclaw door opening to let him in…how did he know the answer to the puzzle like this? Something to be asked later~
