It was a steep tuesday night, winter. What many could regard as a time for comfort, for family and bonding. I didnt get any of that any year, I've lived on my own for a good couple years as an antisocial worm. I was preparing myself for another restless night when I had noticed the windowsill was open.
I found this odd because, obviously, I didn't recall opening it, thought it could have been my imagination. I firmly shut the panel and continue my routine of getting into my pajamas. The closet felt emptier today, not to mention it was a mess. Snuggly, I fit myself and get into bed to turn on the TV despite the odd occurrences.

It was roughly 1 in the morning and I didn't feel a wink tired, just groggy and sick. I shifted through channel after channel, tapping at the remote until the batteries unfortunately died. Though I really didn't want to, I got out of bed and made my way to the kitchen so I could replace them.
And, what the fuck? The kitchen was a mess, was someone here? How? I locked my front door. I was paranoid now as I began organizing everything, feeling watched. I kept a kitchen knife close to my person while finishing up, a jolt running down my spine as clattering pots sounded from the pantry.

"Who the fuck is there?" I called to the closed door with the blade brandished, slowly reaching for the knob before the door flung open. Inside.. I found a girl, she looked no older than 10, with skin as dark as the night sky and unnaturally grey-blue hair that somehow had an enchanting teal glow to it. 
She had her face stuck to a pot, and I grabbed the handle to pop it off. My eyes went wider at the abyss that was the girl's face, nothing but two large blue eyes and glowing lips. She tilted her head at me, focusing on my being rather than the knife I practically held in her face.

I lowered my arm and rubbed my head. "Kid, How the hell did you get in here? Wheres your parents?" She could have been my neighbor's daughter, but even then there's no way she'd be able to get in my house. I was met with silence as the girl walked past me and sat at the couch while playing with the remote.
"Hey, Leave that alone." I sat beside her and snatched it away, but to my dismay she already opened the back and had the batteries.. in her mouth. I tried to speak but she swallowed them whole, leaving me clueless as to what the hell I was talking to. Was this even a child or some freaky Alien? She sure felt otherworldly.

My hand gently ran through the hair of the girl, it felt like a cold vacuum, like space if you would. I rubbed my head and gathered myself, getting up to the kitchen. I snagged a bag of chips and tossed them to the girl while I tried getting a hold of the police; Didn't wanna be seen as some kidnapper.
"Yes, Hello? I'd like to make a report." I began with the operator, watching the little girl gnaw at the bag to try and open it. Walking over, i tore the top of the bag and continued. "Yeah, there's a lost child in my apartment, no clue how she got here but I hope you guys could come by and help?" I was delighted as the operator confirmed they'd send someone over in the morning, just had to last the night.

I sat back beside the girl, who was stuffing her face with no manner, sucking the chips up like a damned vacuum. It was endearing, in a freaky way, the girl must have been starving with how fast she dug in AND finished that family sized bag.
"Alright kid, c'mon." I gently grasped her hips and sat her in my lap as I turned on the living room TV instead.
The night continued on rather tame, and when my eyes got too heavy, I fell asleep while holding the child close. Hours pass and I wake up in a cold sweat and a splitting headache, clutching my head with a groan. I have no clue if something I drank that day had alcohol or what but it hurt. 

Unfortunately, I woke up the kid, but she didn't cry or even yelp, she just smiled up at me curiously. It was.. yet again, endearing. It filled me with reassurance, and so I got up lightly from the couch with her following. I prepared breakfast until a knock sickly slammed my door, making the kid.. no, Keita is what I think I'll call her. It sent her hiding, so I went to check it out and it was the police here about that child report I made..
..I told them that I must have been drunk, and that I apologize for wasting their time with an issue that didn't exist. As soon as they left, I called Keita out from her hiding spot and gave her a tight hug. They were going to take her away, and I didn't want that anymore, she gave me a joy that I've lacked for years.

As soon as breakfast was finished up, I took her to the living room and booted up my Xbox one. With controller in hand, I asked if she wanted to play any games, though, I was sadly met with silence. That was okay; her smile told me everything I needed to know. So we played sonic racing for a few, maybe 4 hours? She was laughably bad, but it was cute watching her try her best yknow? Once the gaming session was over, i treated her to some lunch by using UberEATS to send some Mcdonalds for us. When the food arrived, I brought it in and found Keita had already planted herself in a chair. To my surprise, she didnt gobble down any of the food, she just watched me eat with a content, Cheshire grin. I have to admit by now I already felt myself getting tired, I'm never usually this sleepy in just the afternoon but I couldn't fight it.

I told Keita that she could watch the TV and join me when she was ready, going right up to bed and clocking out for a good couple hours. I woke up in a sweat.. again. Keita was sitting on my lap, staring at me. was she watching me *sleep?* "You need something, hun?" silence, as always. It gets quite annoying but I suck it up and try going back to sleep, cuddling her in my arms. This process goes on for days, no, weeks. I feed her, we play games, I sleep, Wake up feeling like shit, and there she is, Watching me like a gaurdian angel.. or a gaurd dog. I had to see a doctor to see if he knew what was up but all I learned is I'm not brushing enough. Gee, Thanks. I sat down with Keita on a Tuesday evening, fighting any sleepiness I had so I could talk to her,

"I don't feel well, Hun. It feels like my head is always aching, like I'm hearing things and I don't think I can keep taking care of you in this state. Please, I need you to tell me you'll be okay If I arrange a babysitter for you?" She didn't speak a peep, just nodding in an uneasy pace. I had to go with it, but, I had my skepticism and got up. As she took the remote and watched the TV, I set up a camera in my room to see if I could get down to the bottom of this and figure out why my sleep was so horrible every fucking night for the past 2 months. Once it was all adjusted, I rested in my bed and got as comfy as I could. My eyes slowly sank, and I drifted off for the night. When I awoke, I was shocked, Keita wasn't on me like usual. I got up and quickly scurried out of bed. "Keita? Keita!" I called as I made my way to the living room. She wasn't there either, not in the kitchen nor bathroom. I had felt an immense dread like none before, did she get kidnapped? did she wander out of the house? Either way I dashed for the phone and filed a missing person report.

Hours passed and the sun rested across the horizon, the clouds had never felt so gray to me. I sat in my bed with the phone close by for any call of the cops, when it caught my attention: The camera I set up that night, it HAD to know where she went! I snatched the metal trinket and rewound through searching for answers. Something finally caught my attention, something that made my blood run cold. It was keita, sitting over me last night, but, something about her was almost eerie. her hair was much longer and looked like it was fucking floating! I leaned in as the girl I once trusted showed it's face to the screen. It was horrific as it was beautiful. Two massive eyes that reflected the night sky, and a gaping blue mouth devoid of teeth, just a mystical void. She was sucking something out of me, My soul?! No, It wasn't that, it was a light pink bubble that just looking at gave me a sense of.. comfort. like a dream. As she devoured the bubble, she faced the camera and turned tail, opening the window. In the 2 months I had known her, she muttered a phrase that won't leave my mind. The last thing *it* ever said as it leaped from the windowsill into the night.

`"Goodnight, My Prince."`