M/M, Oral, Human sub
—————————————————————
     You can finally feel yourself falling asleep after so long in bed, your eyes starting to shut for the night. They manage to stay just a sliver open as you feel your body start to fall asleep, with you looking at the open door to your closet, a shadow falling upon it. Soon enough, you realize that it’s not a shadow on the closet door, but a pitch blackness enveloping it and spreading outward. Fearing for your wellbeing from stories of sleep paralysis, you try to move your body with no luck, but with enough force, you manage to close your eyes the rest of the way, hoping that sleep will come along shortly.
     Instead of sleep, you could hear a soft creak on the floor, getting louder as it approached you, before finally feeling a heavy weight across your legs, arms, and chest, the latter two feeling like hands were holding them down with long fingers gripping along the sides.
“You’re not even going to give me the courtesy of seeing your eyes? Come now, there’s only so much time to be with you, and I would be lonely if anything were to happen to you.” The almost singsong like voice deepens considerably, as you feel the weight press down further on your upper body, hot breath on your forehead as you feel a pressure and slight wetness on your forehead, a kiss? “I promise that I won’t do terrible, vicious things to you... at least the things you don’t want, freak. I can feel your heart beating faster, and your breathing getting staggered, but your body is asleep, unable to do anything against this. Are you afraid of me, human, or do you desire me?” His words become quiet, even as you can feel the breath moving over to your ear, his whispers becoming more seductive as he grips your semi-hard cock pressing up your bedsheets.
     “Your mind’s become dull as of late, so I’m glad you finally turned to me for some fun, willing or no, and since you’re a mouthbreather, you gave me the perfect avenue for our fun tonight. I’ll let you feel it all out. Talk later.” You feel a pressure around your ears, before it is relieved, noticing that there is no sound to be heard as you feel the bedsheets covering you be removed, and the thing on you explore your body. Its warm presence feels around your arms and face, while a hand gropes one of your ass cheeks, before a large pressure is on your stomach. Light touches on your chest and an earthy scent filling your nose, indicating what is soon to happen, as the feeling moves up your chest until the pressure at your stomach is relieved.
     Replacing that feeling is two lengths pressing against your face, rubbing against your cheeks and a hot liquid being dropped onto your forehead. The wall behind your pillow shakes a little as you feel those cocks pulled back, both tips now being pressed against your tongue. The thing reaches back and gropes your now fully hardened cock once more, before leaving your cock alone and grabbing the back of your head as he begins to violate your mouth. The cocks drag along your tongue only to find a tight throat. Your nose is pinched and you can feel your throat open up in an attempt to let more air in, only to be replaced with those twin lengths. Your nose is unplugged and you can feel your head being pressed down into the bed, each thrust from the thing above you pressing its cocks further down your throat, until your nose is pressed against some part of its body, and you can feel its balls on your chin. 
     It pulls out of your mouth as the pressure comes off of your arms and chest; you can feel it shuffling around until you feel it bearing down on your body, hands gripping your legs, one gripping your cock, and another teasing your hole. Its shafts press alongside one another in your mouth, before roughly fucking your throat once more, his balls smacking against your nose, your throat tightening and relaxing as it tries to swallow or expel whatever is in it. As this is happening, he strokes your own hard cock and manages to open up your hole with a finger, quickly becoming two. You don’t know how long it takes as he uses your throat, but he strokes and fingers you to your own orgasm, sitting himself up enough to make sure you cum on yourself, before going back to toying with you, his own orgasm coming along a few times as you lose track of time, eventually fading into true unconsciousness.
     You wake up somewhat groggy as the sun begins to light your room. Your throat feels sore and you are cold as you notice the bedsheets normally covering you are in front of the now closed closet door. You go to pick them up before heading back to bed, but they are incredibly sticky, and smell oddly sweet. Smiling, you decide instead to take a shower to start off your day. Hopefully tonight can be just as eventful.