# -> Colony canoodling <-
-> A short story about banging bugs in the jungle <-  

!!! Content warning: Insectophilia
## This is a WIP and subject to change

Table of contents
[TOC3]

### -> Section 1: 6 Feet from freedom ->
***

One late summer night Theodore write Jenkins awoke to the sound of knocking.  The door to his modest cabin creaking under the assault as he hoisted himself from his hammock to greet the unwelcome guest. “Ya got post from the collage” the sailor said through a smirk while tossing it at him “I wonder why”.  “I said it in jest damn you!” Countered Theodore before receiving his own rebuttal in the form of the door slamming shut. Swallowing his already bruised pride Theodore took a seat at his desk to examine the telegram. “In light of your latest incident of inappropriate conduct the dean can no longer overlook your behavior.  We regret to inform you that despite your ongoing research, you are to return to campus on the next ship to address your early retirement before a hearing. Until such time you are on effective probation.  Postmarked, the collage of Mulwood”.
 	
Sitting in silence Theodore stared at the card in his hand, as if his weary eyes and the sway of the ship would make the message simply disappear. He could barely comprehend that the better part of five years and the entirety of his post doctorate career here studying Wvoland was crumbling before him, all cause of a couple gawkish comments about Isomites in the canteen no less. He crushed the offending card in his grip as he balled his fist.  Till now the collage didn’t give a damn about how much the objects of his study titillated him as long as he kept shipping back papers and having “co-authors” in the faculty accept accolades in his stead. Rising to his feet to return to fitful sleep and more resigned than he’d ever admit, his eye caught the island through the tiny cabin window. It's Veridian beauty in the moonlight beckoning him even from the sheltered cove the ship was moored in.  In that moment Theodore’s eyes lit up as his mind caught a spark, a little ember of an idea that’d catch his mind alight. Who says he had to leave? He'd dedicated his whole life to the study of that island and it’s inhabitants and he was supposed to just surrender it to save the pride of some whore on a rotting tub?! He hesitated for a moment until his resolve steeled.  If he was to go to the collage with the promise of never returning to his beloved Wvoland, than he would simply never leave.
 	 
Noone aboard the ship was awake at this hour and on deck save a few men on the bow keeping watch.  He knew no one would witness what he’d do, or at least not well enough to suspect foul play.  After scrawling down a couple sentences of sad tripe and a couple honest goodbyes Theodore gathered what little of his he’d need and wouldn’t be noticed missing from his cabin.  In but a scant few minutes Theodore was on the deck, peering out his cabin’s door with the island in full view, not a single manmade light to mar the pristine jungle.  The sight of it convinced him completely.  Before he knew it he’d taken the first step out, his other foot followed, and again until he’d closed the two yard gap to the ships railing in a full sprint and flung himself clear over into the water of the cove. As far as the civilized world knew that was the death of Theodore Jenkins, the strange explorer that said in so many words that a termite woman’d make a better wife than his captain’s. 

### -> Section 2: Giant plan ->
***

 Theodore made shore sore, soaking, and bruised. His leap from the ship'd been quite unforgiving and he was by no means a swimmer, but he'd made it to land. A few glances around him confirmed the shore was completely deserted and the tree line was a good ways off. He made haste to reach it and within found a sturdy tree against which to sit and dry out his clothes. Looking back at the ship he saw it still as death, no sign that anyone had seen him depart. continuing onward he took stock of the hard ground underfoot as he made way. Carefully looking over the ground for tracks as he went, given the hour there'd be bound to be Isomites out foraging and other less friendly fauna. Deeper into the jungle he came across a small pool with a trickle of fresh water running from its banks. He sat to drink deeply and replenish his supply. All the while watching the darkness for signs of movement. Not that he expected trouble, but he couldn't help his mind from racing.  After filling a few bottles and catching his breath Theodore felt ready and decided it was time to head further. He set forth deeper into the dense thicket. Soon he was a couple miles into the underbrush, his compass to guiding him to his goal: the Isomite's nest. It was a massive earthen mound coated in vegetation, easily a couple dozen feet high, three hundred yards wide, and with countless entrances leading into it. Situated directly against the base of a mountain and well guarded even with the workers out foraging, Theodore knew he'd need an edge if he was to get in. "This is suicide" he whispered aloud, trying to stifle a laugh at the irony of the statement as not to alert whatever might be nearby.  Just then he heard the brush shift out of time with his own movement 
 	
his heart stopped for a moment before racing as a whole tree groaned and shook ahead. Brandishing his knife he lay himself flat against the leaf litter and did all he could to control his breathing. This was not his first expedition, but it was his first alone. Times like these he wondered if any of his work was worth the risk, the sacrifices of safety he'd make to get that much closer to subjects. But tonight the doubt was gone and left only excitement behind.  Theodore kept one hand firm on the hilt and crept forward inch by inch as he heard branches shuffle. Very unusual circumstances, very common close observation. A minute passed before a figure emerged from the cover of the jungle for him to peer at.  The creature was a huge, hulking, terrible thing, almost like a woman but not quite, coated in black chitin, the only thing on her a belt of white fuzz around her waist, and with her huge antlike head sinking mandibles the size of swords into some poor tree. To a layman it would've been a nightmare given form in the jungle's choking night, Theodore however knew this specimen. It was Wallace's giant, the strangest denizen of the island and his ticket into the hive. She spotted him getting up but bore him no ill will as usual and after looking around for anything that'd dare bother her and finding none, she sat herself on a fallen log to knead her jaws on the beachball of resin she'd collected so far. Her back was turned to Theodore who stood silently watching as he took deep breaths to compose himself. The plan was so simple, go massage her thorax till it excretes the pheromones and collect it without enraging her. Proposing this experiment with two other experts armed with long guns in tow was considered so reckless that it nearly got him kicked out of academia the first time, so actually executing now would be anything but simple. Holstering his knife and removing his shirt, he approached the gigantic bug cautiously. With an awkward step he moved forward until he was mere inches from the creature.  Staring up at her large, dark compound eyes, each of the lenses the size of a dime and watching him right back. 
 	
He slowly ran his hands along the length of her thorax, feeling her muscles under the tough chitin tighten in response to the touch. When he reached the tip of her thorax there was still no reply, but the creature's large antennae waved about gently. Taking another slow step he got his shirt beneath the orifice on the end and readied himself to catch the potent musk.  Taking a single finger he slowly teased the side of the hole where the scent laid hidden within. His heart began to pound wildly again and his face flushed upon catching the first whiff of the most powerful pheremones known to man as it wafted off the thing's body. Without any further hesitation he pressed his fingers inside. At first only just, allowing the thick fluid to ooze around them like honey, soon though he'd buried four of his fingers in the hot clammy cavity. Seemingly more than approving of his actions she let out a great rumbling groan from her spiracles as a cup or so of the potent slime rushed down his arm, dripping from between his fingers. She gave a few more quick twitches and leaned forward to brace herself against the jungle floor, her grand chest heaving as she panted hard. With his pants straining against his own arousal, his arm wrist deep in a giant bug's wanting hole, the nectar of said hole soaking aphroditic compounds into his skin, and the sugary sweet smell overwhelming him, the view of her gargantuan feux teats through her parted thighs was enough for him to completely lose the last of his academic restraint. Without another thought he plunged his hand down to the elbow into her cavernous snatch, eliciting another thunderclap of a moan as his hand found its way in her innermost depths, her whole form shuddering as a wave of pleasure crashed through her. Maddened by the pheromones and his own lust at finally doing what for years he'd dare not say in good company, he began fisting her in earnest. 
 	
Birds fled from the treetops nearby as the mountain of a woman let loose a guttural roar, decades of the rare creature's unfulfilled needs being met by the man feverishly slamming his arm into her. Behind her Theodore was lost pistoning his arm within her. A Sloppy clapping reverberating through the trees as his chest coated in her slimy secretions rammed again and again into her fully unfurled genitals. His other arm grappling with her vulva, holding tight onto her bizzare cunt and driving her wild as she rocked in front of him; her body sucking him right back in any time the thrusting slowed. At this point both her mouth and snatch were freely pouring liquid, soaking a tree she had in her jaws and Theodore respectively. Finally he felt the pulsing suction around his arm begin to hasten, the rhythm in her thorax quickly rising to a crescendo. He prepared himself and punched in one last time, ramming his arm home into her most inner depths right up to his shoulder. Her whole body seized for a moment before fitfully throbbing as she orgasmed, her cunt almost painfully clamping down on his arm in time. The earthshaking scream she nearly let out was stopped only by her shattering a trunk between her mandibles. For several moments the beast went limp, still panting as her strange genitalia folded itself back into her thorax. Theodore took the chance to wrench himself free of the now relaxing bug.  After recovering some strength she turned to face him and give what he'd interpret as a look of gratitude before returning to her ball of resin.