My plan had backfired, my teasing had initially caught Marine by surprise but now...now she had recovered and I suddenly found my throat parched and a longing desire welling up. Marine stared back at me, waiting for my answer with a mischievous glint in her eye and perhaps a desire I had never seen before. Her remark about her underwear had my eyes flicker one last time to her inviting cleavage and the long expanse of her stockinged leg before matching gazes with her once more. I knew Fubuki would be waiting for us downstairs but the last of my resistance crumbled before this salacious display laid before me.

I gave the merest of nods, “Let’s do it Marine, I’m too worked up now to present myself before my sister anyways”. Marine’s cheeks flushed a brilliant shade of red as she glanced over at the alarm, “Fubuki is used to you being a heavy sleeper so we should have enough time…for this”. In unison we pulled aside the covers and sheets, leaving them crumpled on the edge of the bed. Marine’s earnestness showed itself as I had barely lifted my hips before her hands found the waist of my pajama bottoms and pulled them down to the middle of my thighs. Overwhelmed by the moment, I laid back and watched passively as Marine shifted on the bed as she reached underneath her dress and drew her panties down her legs. Falling back onto the bed with her stocking feet thrust out in the air towards me, she pulled her panties off and stopped to examine them with a look of embarrassment on her face.

Watching in awe, I felt a familiar sensation beginning to boil in my loins as my arousal grew like a roaring inferno. In spite of my surging sensations, I found myself paralyzed and only capable of being a mere observer as I beheld this perfect manifestation of eroticism before me. Laying her panties on the bed beside her, Marine locked eyes once more as she proceeded to crawl towards and atop of me. As her figure slithered up and against me, my erection buzzed with excitement as her belly and dress fabric rubbed up against it. Sitting up Marine moaned as she clenched her legs around my waist, her stocking thigh trapping my cock underneath and causing the sensations within to reach a feverous pitch. In the back of my mind, a warning sign started too flicker, ‘too much, too soon’, but I was too foregone to pay it much mind and Marine was in full control of the tempo.

“Master, let us mark this special morning as a new beginning between us. We will need to figure things out later but for now let us savor one another.” Marine’s fingers scraped across my stomach and made their way to where her crotch had melded with me, searching eagerly for my throbbing cock. As Marine’s gloved hand found and extracted me from underneath her thigh, a pleasurable, pulsating pain shot through me as a low moan burst forth. Marine softly chuckled as she casually stroked me a few times, spreading the fluid seeping out of me.

“Marine please hurry…I’m too-ngh!” My vision flashed white and my body shuddered as I felt the initial sensations. Boom, I was too late. Boom, it was too soon. All I could manage at this stage was to just enjoy what remained of the ride. Just as Marine finished the last of her practice strokes and started to aim me towards her crotch, my cock erupted and warm cum splattered all over her thighs, stocking tops and hand. Marine let out a surprised squeal as she let my adoration for her discharge in a futile display of virility. As the last orgasmic sensations settled, I finally dared to look at Marine and find her looking back blissfully with a trace of disappointment mixed in. Wiping off the excess from her gloves onto my chest, Marine got up off of me and to the side of the bed. Carefully removing her gloves and stockings without letting any cum drip to the floor, she threw them back towards me. “Here you go Master, a trophy to mark your sexual awakening. I will need to get freshened up but I think I should still have some time before Fubuki is ready given how…early you were.”

Ashamed of my performance, I shifted my gaze down towards my chest. “I’m sorry Marine, it was all too fast and wonderful…I got so overwhelmed.” I felt a gentle hand begin to pat my head soothingly, “Don’t worry Master, you were just too excited to Shukko with your dear Marine”. She glanced back at my alarm once more, “If there is a silver lining, there is more than enough time to get up and downstairs for breakfast before your sister becomes suspicious.” Marine made her way out of my room, turning her head and giving me a wink and hip shake before exiting and closing the door behind her.