#Southern Charm

***
"Hey Geyser there you are, when you get a second go down to the tinker workshop and talk to Golden Boy. He can take care of your new costume; he seems really excited that another tinker joined the team." 

"I can think of a million things I would rather be doing right about now." 

Cliff made his way through the various sets of long hallways that made up the Protectorate headquarters. Cliff would never admit he was lost as a manly pride thing, but he cursed the building that he was in for being as long as a country mile. When he finally found the door to the workshop, he grumbled. 

*"This looks like some shit from Star Trek. How the hell do I even open this damn thing?"*

Cliff fiddled with the keypad next to the door and cursed until the door suddenly opened. Goldenboy stood on the other side of the door hands on his hips, in a heroic pose, smiling widely.

"Welcome Geyser! To the coolest place in the entire BBP!"

"Yeah... right... I came here because Rooster said something about a costume?"

 "Oh, of course, have a seat please!"

The room was large and sparsely colored being made of some kind of dark grey or black metal. It was full of monitors, tools, tool benches, and blueprints. Across the far wall a row of display cases showed the work in progress costumes that Golden Boy was working on. As Cliff looked around he had to admit he was a little impressed; there was certainly nothing like this at his old HQ. Cliff took a seat in the uncomfortable metal chair and kicked his feet up on the table.

"Why don't we start with names? My name is Jed; what's yours?"

Cliff gave a curt, nondescript response.

 "Cliff"

"Nice to meet you Cliff! Now for the real reason you are here, I'm sure Rooster told you that I am the one who designs all the heroes kickass costumes?"

Cliff remained unimpressed. 

"Yep."

"So I've been working with a few rough drafts; this is the general design I decided on. I wanted to keep your cowboy aesthetic while going for something more futuristic and cool. Your whole outfit has been redesigned with full protection head to toe in an impenetrable metal alloy. Even your hat is made out of it!"

*"Is that all this kid can do is sci fi shit?"*

The entire outfit was one gaudy piece of armor. Complete with comically large rocket powered boots.

"It's uh-"

"Is Jed trying to push power armor on you too?"

A thin frame leaned against the doorway, clad in black spandex and a skull mask with a rebreather attached to it. She removed her helmet to reveal a teenage girl with brown hair done in a long ponytail.

"Don't listen to her Geyser; she doesn't understand the hotblooded coolness that is power armor!"

"Uh... yeah kid I'm sorry but I'm going to have to agree with her it's not my style." 

Jed looked crushed. Jennifer set her helmet down on the table and took a seat across from them. 

"Don't look so surprised Jed no one wants to wear that ugly, heavy ass armor other than you."

She looked toward Cliff and gave a curt wave. 

"Hi I'm Blastrix by the way but you can call me Jen."

Cliff liked this girls attitude.

"Howdy young lady, I'm Geyser but you can call me Cliff."

"Nice, anyway Jed he wants the same thing we all want. The tech implanted into our suits, like this bodysuit it's made of a kevlar infused weave. And this taser glove, its hardly noticeable until it's already tazing the shit out of you." 

Jed brought his palm to his face and sighed.

"Alright fine, Cliff what would you like in your costume?"

"Honestly youngin, I'm fine with it the way it is. The only thing I can think of is maybe some more protection, maybe some of that kevlar stuff. But other than that I had them design this for me at my old gig and I ain't fixin to change much."

"Oh yeah, Cliff! I'm also a tinker, if you need any weapons made I'm your girl. I can make you a six shooter with taser rounds to complement that macho cowboy thing you got going on."

"Thanks, but no thanks little lady I'm quite happy with what I've already got." 

"Oh" 

Jennifer looked incredibly disappointed.

"It doesn't feel so good to be turned down does it, Jen?"

"Shut up power armor boy! At least I make things people can actually use!"

"Oh yeah? If you were in charge of costumes we would all be wearing bondage gear!"

"Oh you fucker! That's it!"

Cliff had lost his patience at this point, he quickly stood up and raised his voice. 

"Now that's enough! Y'all are supposed to be a team! Y'all are supposed to be working together not bickering like a bunch of children!"

 "I'm not going to let him get away with talking about my costume like that!"

"I don't care! Now make up and work together or I'm having Rooster take you both off patrols for a month!"

"Tell that old man whatever you want! I'm not letting anyone talk about me like that!"

Jennifer stormed out of the room in a huff. Leaving Jed and Cliff alone.

"Don't bother following her she needs a second to cool off. Please don't take her off patrol either I went a little too far, patrol is like her favorite thing in the world. I'll make up with her later."

"If you say so kid, that's very mature of you taking control of the situation and what not. So I'll tell you what we can start designing my outfit now and if you have any ideas feel free to run them past me."

"R-Really? Okay I'll grab the blueprint paper now!"

Jed rushed off searching for a spare piece of paper. Cliff took a seat again and smiled wide.

*"This kids enthusiasm is a little bit contagious I have to admit."*

***
Rooster sat watching the security camera footage.

*"You feel it too don't you Cliff? The potential of youth, I just knew you would take a liking to them. We all have to find something or someone that keeps us going."*

The next day Rooster had officially assigned Geyser as the assistant director of the Wards. He knew he would thank him later.