hog retake: the hedgehog town incident

I was scrolling down on youtube when I found a video called a canceled sonic manga?!?I clicked on it and, showed some information about that canceled manga and then I clicked off. I went to bed and got a dream of a sonic-looking character shouting for help and I woke up to birds chirping. I got out of bed, went downstairs to cook some breakfast, and went back upstairs. I go on the computer with boredom I went to eBay and searched sonic manga and it showed me some sonic toys and unrelated stuff until I scrolled up even more then I found an eBay sale called SONIC THE HEDGEHOG CANCELLED MANGA, I was shocked and I thought it was unreleased then I brought it and texted my friend about it but he didn't respond after that I feed my dog and went to my job. While driving I checked my phone and got an email about the canceled manga. It says the manga is coming tomorrow, but then my phone died. I got inside my house and fed my dog, cooked dinner, and went upstairs. I didn't check on my computer but I did watch some TV because my favorite show is on. I ate my dinner and washed some dishes until when taking a shower I heard a voice in my head that kept telling me to sacrifice my soul to the gods. Then it stopped when I got out of the shower, and I called my friend about it but he didn't answer and I gave up. I went back to bed until 1:08 pm I got a dream about the same sonic look like a character standing there then grabbed its mouth and open it and two hands are coming out of the mouth, and bunny ears rise then I woke up to my dog barking, I went downstairs to feed my dog and cook some cinnamon waffles until my doorbell rings I checked my front door there's my order and I was jumping and I grabbed my box and shut the door when I get to my room and open the box. When I checked the book it looked strange and the clover is just sonic on a black background with no title. So I opened the book. It started with sonic walking in the woods and then finding a dead rabbit sonic was scared and shocked, and a black hand came out of the rabbit and attacked sonic. On the next page then I realize the sonic name is Nicky then I stopped reading it and go back to that youtube video to see what the name 
then I found out what the names and people say its name was Nicky's new power. I come back to read that manga and then go to the next page, it shows Nicky looking at the window and Nicky hears a voice in his head and voice was telling Nicky that his a messiah to this world Nicky was confused about why the voice in his head saying that his a messiah but Nicky tell the voice "how I'm a messiah" but the voice doesn't listen. Nicky came out of his room and his tania was walking by Nicky and the voice told Nicky to kill her and Nicky refuses and saying "I can't kill her tania she is my sister" but the voice doesn't care and said " she is a devil that born in this world if you don't kill her, she may destroy this world" and Nicky disagreed and told the voice that she is cute and innocent. The voice tells Nicky that the devil can disguise themself as an innocent person that can be cute to trick people into hell and now Nicky thinks his little sister is the devil in disguise. next page is now tomorrow morning, the voice told nicky to see if he is ready for this and Nicky is ready. he walked up to his little sister, Tania, and Nicky tell Tania to play in the wood and she was jumping and saying yes, Nicky smiles to see his little sister happy. Nicky and Tania are walking in the woods Nicky tells Tania to play a game and she agrees, Nicky tells Tania to close her eyes and Tania closed her eyes then Nicky grabs a knife while the voice kept shouting do it then Nicky stabs her, Tania coughs up blood and she fell to the ground, the voice was laughing so does Nicky after knowing that he killed his little sister. Nicky comes back home and Nicky's mom, Brenda asked Nicky about where Tania and Nicky were confused where is she and Brenda called the police but they picked up then Nicky has a ghostly dark bunny standing next to him, and the bunny have no eyes, next page is was the next week Nicky was walking towards his home then Anton and mad came out of the brushes, Anton told Nicky he a stupid little hedgehog then Anton pushed Nicky and Nicky fell to the ground. Anton and mad are gonna kick Nicky and then Nicky back startling to open then a hand appeared, two bunny ears pop out of Nicky then a dark bunny was standing next to Anton and mad. anton's jaw was ripped apart and mad's face is tearing apart and they can't move, Anton was trying to call help but it didn't work and mad was screaming for help but it also did not work. Anton and mad is the aftermath of heaven, Nicky was starting to wake up and he felt fine then he started to question himself then he hears the voice in his head telling Nicky that he is 2 steps closer to being in heaven, Nicky was a relief then said to the voice "I can't wait to be in heaven" Brenda comes to Nicky to tell him its time for dinner. The next page shows Nicky laying on a bed then the voice tells Nicky that marking on the woods then Nicky disagrees but the voice convinces him to do that and Nicky is gotta do it, at nighttime Nicky is carrying a bag with some spray paint and he went to the woods and he sprayed some marking in the woods then Nicky heard some footsteps. Nicky grabs a knife and approaches the footstep then found his girlfriend Amy she is worried about him then the voice told Nicky to free her soul to heaven, Nicky raises the knife and swung at amy and he missed, Amy started to run from Nicky and Nicky chasing amy in the woods. Amy almost got away until she steps on a beartrap and she was about to scream but she still hears footsteps and she decides to cut her leg, she found a small hammer and grabs it then smashed her leg but she was too late because Nicky was behind her then Nicky stabs amy 20 times in the chest and sliced her head off, the voice told Nicky to grab the head then Nicky grabbed the head and raised to the new moon. He was completed and he dropped Amy’s head and then started to float Nicky was happy that he completed his goal then a hundred dark hands came out of the ground, Brenda and Paulie came out outside then saw the sky turned black and everyone came out to see the sky, they see Nicky in the sky and everyone was starting to run but their skin is tearing out and then the sky turned into white, everyone in hedgehog town starts to float and Brenda starts to realize they are going to heaven. The next page shows the aftermath of the incident, a hedgehog in a new channel telling what happens in hedgehog town, a lot of people died from this disaster and some people survived and nobody knows what happen to this town and people were paying their respect on the victims of the incident. The end
