It has been about a month since Mori commandeered your soul following your untimely death.

You wouldn't say it has been all sunshine and blowjobs. Mori is a busy woman, often working on multiple projects simultaneously. You often end up being the source of her catharsis in what little free time she allows herself. Nothing unpleasant for you - smell torture and messy oral helps her get the stress out of her system. The hard part is that she doesn't have much time for it - or you.

She was kind enough to order you a PC system to entertain yourself with. Mori prefers you stay inside and lay low, given you aren't really supposed to exist. Her apartment is somewhere fairly populated in Japan. Fair enough, you suppose. There's alot of people out there who would do unspeakable things for the chance to live with Mori. All you had to do was die for it. Not a bad deal.

You turn in your chair and look over at her now. Working away as usual, flitting between multiple layers of editing software and file browsers. Her desk was a mess of booze bottles and takeout containers. Recently you offered to cook meals for her but she quite kindly refused. She seems rather stubborn about accepting help in general - one of the rare moments you spoke up was to offer to ease her daily burden in some way, but you were refused.

The effects of this strain on her body are noticeable even within just the month you've been here. Her already bodacious ass was really starting to fill out that chair. Seems she was lucky like that, the extra weight was filling out her fat ass and breasts even further. Another thing you noticed was that she hadn't taken a proper shower for about three weeks.

Mori took one in the first week as she was worried about you might be offended by her increasing body odour, but you noted that you didn't mind.. rather that you were into it. She really took to slobbish habits since then, the stink of her pits soaking into the black t-shirts she wears at home and the reeking musk of her pussy left on her red or black panties.

Mori changed underwear now and then, apologetically tossing them to you so that you can busy yourself with them in lieu of some proper action. You've spent quite a few hours per day huffing one pair and rubbing another on your cock to get off. Taking notice of your love for her used underwear, she ended up putting you in charge of laundry duty. It's not a bad deal.

You stand up, stretch and head to the bathroom. Unlike her, you aren't actually immune to the health effects of bad hygiene. Disrobing, you check your body in the mirror. You didn't really notice as first, but seems Mori gave you some upgrades when she remade your body. Your musculature is somewhat defined now and you seem a little younger. Didn't get any taller, though.

Washing up your lower body, you hear a tapping on the bathroom door.

“Hey, sorry, can I come in? I'm havin’ the uh... tummy problem,” asks Mori through the door.

You step out from the shower and pull back the latch on the door, allowing her to enter. She steps quickly over to the toilet, pulls down her panties and sits. You immediately notice her fat white ass is now beginning to slightly spill over the edges of the seat.

“I can't believe I'm still having problems with this human body. I swear, if Death-sensei gave me a dud I'll crack his skull. I can hardly switch to another one now..  *ngh..”*

Mori begins to tinkle into the toilet before letting go of her gas, her bassy farts rasping into the bowl as she relieves herself of her gas buildup. She turns red in the face as she relieves herself before your gaze.

“Look, I'd just do it out there, but it feels bad this time, like there's a chance I'll make a mess.. OK? Just- *aaaaand* you're getting hard.”

Sure enough, blood was rushing to your cock. Not only was the stink of her ass getting to you, there was just something about this scenario, with her sat down on the toilet.. you're getting all kinds of ideas in your head. You shrug and turn to step back into the shower to resume cleaning yourself off.

“Hey, hey. Wait up.”

You turn back to Mori, who is beet red, her eyes shifting nervously.

“Did.. did you wash it yet?”

Shaking your head, you raise an eyebrow at her and ask if she's into that.

“HEY! I'm just freakin' curious, okay? You're always obsessing over how I smell and taste, what's the big deal?”

You raise your hands in protest, assuring her you aren't judging. Stepping back towards her, you bring your erect member to her face. Mori begins to inch forward, bringing her nose to the head and taking a light whiff. She pauses for a moment before moving even closer and taking a deep long sniff from the head of your cock, her red eyes rolling back ever so slightly.

“Oh God, the *smell,* it's.. *damnit*, I'm a fuckup..”

Mori begins to run her nose along your shaft, taking in your cockstink and letting out small moans between breaths. You ease forward slightly and rest your length against her face. The smell is getting her heated fast. Mori's tongue begins to loll from her mouth slightly, occasionally flitting across your shaft as she continues to indulge herself.

“This.. haa.. is your damn fault... I still can't turn off that damn connection between us.. not till you pass on... haa... I'm gonna.. suck this fucking thing clean..”

You grunt as Mori takes your cock into her mouth. She's being ridiculously intense, sucking hard on your glans and running her tongue all over it to suck up the taste. Pulling off of you, she sticks out her tongue for you, dripping with saliva, before running it along the underside of your shaft and against your balls, leaving spit dripping from your scrotum. She grins up at you before taking you into her mouth again.

Her oral assault continues for a short time before she stops suddenly, frowning with a grunt. Mori groans as she begins to rip ass into the bowl again with your cock in her mouth. The combined smell of her body odour and stinking farts rising up to you begins to drive you wild. The shitstink she's letting loose is fetid as usual from all the takeout food she consumes, yet you huff it greedily.

Mori meets your eyes and winks. She knows what you're into by now. She scoots herself up on the seat so that her cheeks squish together and rips ass again, her farts rippling hard and deep as they are forced to bubble free from her fat white cheeks. You fail to contain yourself and grab her by the head and start bucking against her mouth.

She puts up with the facefucking as she begins to strum her clit and let loose brutal farts into the toilet bowl. Her mascara begins to run down her cheeks as her tears leak out from the facial violation. You begin to approach orgasm as you enjoy the sounds of her continued pissing and farting, desperately breathing in her scents. You might've even heard a couple of splashes in the bowl.

Mori manages to rub one out for herself, the situation apparently getting the better of her before you even manage to cum. You follow suit shortly after, shooting ropes against the back of her throat, your nose full of the filthy stink of her body. She wraps her arms around your thighs and puts quite some effort into sucking you dry, not leaving a single drop of your load behind.

When she lets you go you let yourself slump down into a sitting position, while she lays back against the cistern.

“Man.. I really need a day off.. to fucking.. suck you dry.. milk you till nothin' is left.. hah..”

You really love this somewhat corny dirty talk from her, but you rarely get to hear it. Mori eventually leans over and looks at you again.

“Speaking of.. I got an idea. I'm having a tech problem lately that you might be able to help with AND get your dirty little fetish appeased at the same time. Your *amazing* talent for staying quiet will even help us out too.”

You ask her what exactly is up, but she shoos you along.

“I'll explain later. I gotta clean myself up. Sorry but I'm not letting you see my actual shit. That's the last bit of dignity I'm gonna keep from you.”

Shrugging, you tell her you’ll live and leave the room.
__

A little while later, Mori emerges from the bathroom and looks around.

“Where the fuck is that bench? Oh.”

She pulls a couple of hanging towels off of a gym bench that is propped up against the wall. Dragging it across the room, she kicks her office chair away from her desk and slides the bench underneath. Motioning you over, she puts her hands together and looks at her setup contemplatively as she figures out how to explain.

“So uhh.. My sound filter software isn’t working anymore. My microphones always picked up the sound of me ripping ass, but the BrapXLR always blocked out the noise. I guess I got... louder.”

*Thicker,* you think to yourself. You suggest making use of the mute button.

“Come on, I’d be muting every damn minute while I stream. People would just get pissed off. Plus you know sometimes they just.. come out.”

She turns back to the bench, her fat reaper butt wobbling as she goes. You’re really enjoying her recent ‘enhancements’. Mori points a finger down to the bench.

“Legs under the desk, face up. The stream starts in 20 minutes, I need to test this.”

You lie down on the bench, your legs bending over at the end to rest on the floor. Mori lifts her leg over and stands over you, a bottle of lube in hand. She squirts out a small amount and leans over to rub it on the top of your nose. Despite actively being the instigator of this, she’s still red in the face.

When she stands back up you make sure to admire the sight of her rump. The black panties she’s wearing are riding up into her bubble butt. Lower down you can see the fabric digging into her cunt, with pink pubes visible around her barely covered slit. She probably needs to order some larger pairs at this point.

Mori lifts a leg and pulls her panties off one side, then repeats for the other. She suddenly squats down to lay the backside of her panties against your nose and jams the fabric into your nostrils with two fingers, filling your nose with the fresh scent of her crack sweat. She grins at your reaction before pulling them free and stuffing them into your mouth instead, making sure to push the fabric soaked with the essence of her unwashed pussy against your tongue before she pushes your jaw closed.

Mori chuckles at your rapidly rising erection before speaking.

“Alright pussy boy, time to start your new job as my human plug. A truly prestigious position, you better be grateful!”

Spreading her thick cheeks above you, she begins to squat down to your face, her perfect shithole making contact with your nose right off the bat. Mori adjusts herself as the raw stink of her unkempt crack hits you. You spy a few wiry pink hairs around her hole before she sinks onto your nose completely.
You’re effectively blind now. Mori’s thick cheeks press down on either side of your head. The heat pouring off of her greasy sweaty crack is insane. 

There’s not much of a scent now – you realise Mori has managed to completely plug her asshole with your nose. You can just about breathe through your mouth, which is pressed up against her cunt. She gives her butt an enthusiastic couple of slaps and speaks.

“Well, you aren’t the comfiest seat ever but it’ll do. My tummy is starting to hurt again.. I’m gonna check the sound levels, are you ready?”

You give her a thumbs up from underneath and she flips off the mute on her mic. Mori grunts and shifts a little.

“It’s coming.. don’t move.. “

She releases a wave of her reeking gas straight into your sinuses. Your nose plugs her shithole perfectly – not a single molecule of her farts is escaping you. The stink is unlike anything you’ve experienced from her before – fully concentrated and poured straight into your nostrils, the utter stench of her junkfood-fuelled wet farts gives you a potent wave of endorphins as the aphrodisiac effect hits.

“Alright! Noise got filtered properly. You’re a good muffler. Time for test two!”

She forces her cheeks down onto your head and pushes out another rancid blast into you. The humid shitstink fills up your head and throat. You have her stench on your very breath. Mori lays out a victorious slap on her butt and pumps her fist.

“Great! This ought to work just fine. Hope you’re ready for those twelve hour endurance streams, ya deadbeat. Jesus, you’re *twitching.*”

Mori spotted your throbbing cock under the desk when she leaned over.

“God, I’ve only done it twice. Is there that much of a difference?”

You grunt through the panties in your mouth to respond, nodding your head into her crack.

“Oh boy. You’re a real fuckup. Well, your hands are free.. You need to be quiet during the stream though. If you make any noise I’ll have to deal with a ton of assbabies on twitter again.”

She pats the top of your head.

“No offence, assbaby.”
__

“What’s up everyone, it’s your boy, Calliope Mori and today.. “

She’s live now and the situation has changed a little. After Mori let loose a particularly vile fart that you could taste across your whole tongue you ended up violently beating yourself off twice before Mori went to fetch her red cords. You’re tied down now, still being used as a plug as she gets on with her stream.

It was tough. You hadn’t expected it to be that much more erotic for you. Even now you’re inadvertently thrusting your hips slightly.

She gasses your sinuses again, an audible ripple occurring but nothing that is problematic for her stream. It sounds like she’s just doing a zatsudan as she chats away to the rest of her fans.

You swear they’re getting worse as the night goes on. Her muggy asscrack is getting increasingly damp from having you pressed to it, with beads of sweat beginning to leak down on you from the fat pale cheeks smothering the sides of your head. Above, you hear her stomach gurgle hard suddenly.

“Aw, fuck..” she mutters before slinging off her sweat drenched t-shirt, baring her huge ripe tits.

“No, it’s okay guys, just got a message.. my delivery is delayed, is all.. “

Her belly gurgles again and she leans back to grab your head and press down hard, your nose digging as deep as possible into her butthole. Mori exhales through gritted teeth and shudders as she unleashes an absolutely brutal, bassy, rippling and lengthy fart straight into you. Not even your presence can muffle the sound fully as the excess gas breaks the seal, slapping against your face and rattling your head. 

You huff the girlstink into you with abandon as she rips ass, almost cumming without contact as you’re utterly fumigated by this sudden outburst. There’s no other descriptor what you’re experiencing – she smells like literal shit, absolutely drenching your sinuses, mouth and throat with farts that are starting to feel almost liquidic in substance as they pile into you. Mori groans.

“God, I hit the mute just in time. Holy shit, you nearly came. I felt that.”

Mori starts to grind on you slowly. You can feel an oozing warmth around your mouth. Seems like she’s getting heated too. She forces out what is left of her current blowout into you before unmuting.

“Sorry guys, something came up.. also I gotta go wash my hands real quick, I’m just gonna go to a loading screen. Sorry about this, I’ll be back real soon.”

She remutes again before reaching down to pull the panties from your mouth and leaning her hips forward to press her cunt into your mouth. Mori starts to aggressively grind on your face. Your nose leaves her shithole and you once again experience the scent of her unwashed crack. Sticking your tongue out while she grinds you also get a thorough taste of her musky pussy as your face gets covered in her grool. She’s panting heavily as she violates your face.

After a couple minutes of this she suddenly gets up and pulls you along with the bench out from under the desk, bringing your groin beneath her. Mori grabs the bottle of lube again and slicks up her asshole before rubbing some across your member.

“We... we need to be quick.. J-chad will be asking questions.. “

She squats down and guides your cock into her shithole, bringing her fat reaper butt down to rest against your hips. Looking back at you for a moment, her hazy red eyes meeting yours, she begins to ride your cock. Mori slams her huge ass into you, her cheeks rippling from the repeated impact. The tightness of her perverse hole feels absurdly good. You won’t last long.

Sure enough, her tummy begins to gurgle again.

“Ffuuck.. I swear.. I’m getting w-worse.. “

Once again Mori begins to blow out, laying down rasping farts on your cock as she rides. The sensations of her ripping foul gas onto your dick quickly overwhelms you as you approach orgasm. Meanwhile, Mori is starting to babble.

“God, I’m g-gonna fucking cum, from my fucking butt, so fucked up, so fucking fucked up that you like this, you like my stink, why the fuck do I *L-LIKE* that you like it, oh my gooood..”

Her head jerks up and she bites her lip as she cums, falling silent as she begins to shudder and lose any semblance of bodily control, squirting and farting hard. You buck your hips into her thickness to finish yourself off, shooting ropes into her noisy shithole before she falls back onto you, giving you a nice mouthful of pink hair.

You catch your breath for a while. When Mori’s climax is finally over you remind her about her stream.

“Ah, fuck.. they can wait.. I’ll tell them I had to go find the delivery guy or something..”

She turns over and presses her chest into yours. Mori suddenly starts giving you little pecks on your cheek and lips.

“You know, I’m really glad you died.”

Not giving you time to respond, she gets up and unmutes her mic, saying something personal came up and she had to go. Then she turns around and begins to untie your cords. You ask her what that was all about.

“Oh, I just decided to take that day off. We’re gonna go to bed. Lots of sweaty, sticky, smelly sex. How’s that sound?”

You get up and grab her to princess carry her to the bed, despite her playful complaints. You’re gonna make sure her day off is worth it.