“Where is that crocodile hiding” Nasus wondered. The canine curator had once more been summoned to the rift, a practice he had long wondered over its purpose. No matter where they were and what they were doing, he and the other “champions” were selected to fight against other confused individuals. In some visits to this magical rift, he would face against the might of Demacia, a country known for its valor and magical prowess, and fight against it with a Noxian assassin, creatures from the void and a soul warden all to eager to get to know the intricacies of a ascended spirit. In the next battle all would be reversed.

In this trial his allies were not of importance; his enemy was his own brother. Renekton, the butcher of the sands, didn’t live up to his name. To Nasus’s memory, Renekton used to wear shuriman steel as protection against magics and enemy weaponry. Even if the hardened crocodile scales his ascension earned him were more than enough to stop a hail of arrows. Now, his brother had removed the steel for a pair of modern red swimming trunks and a tight-fitting tank top. His once dulled and scarred scales were vibrant, filled with life and wet from a seemingly recent swim. Nasus’s blue eyes expected to meet the butcher’s burning reds, but his vision was blocked by a pair of yellow sunglasses. This was his brother, yet it was not. 

“Yo Nasus, nice to meet you. What’s with the getup?” Renekton asked jovially, a tone the curator hadn’t heard his brother use in millennia. Absentmindedly, Nasus wandered closer to this distorted reflection. Could it really be him? Once he took a step to close the crocodile readied his weapon, a square shaped orange box with a pointed tip. Despite not it being the weapon Nasus was used to, the way his brother handled it was all too familiar. “How about a fight? For old times’sake” The crocodilian said as he swung his “axe” in front of him. Despite his want to reconcile with this brother, his need to see him in his right mind, the rift demanded that they fight. He could sense the magical beings that spawned from the crystal had begun forming. The battle had begun. 

The first few minutes went as normal, as normal as you can get in this realm. The brothers traded blows with each other but was always diligent to disrupt the minions form for their valuables. Nasus had learnt this early in his trips to the rift and siphoned their energy to enhance his own might. Nothing was permanent in this realm. He had died so many times, his spirit wandering the battlefield before being resurrected at the fountain. This meant the scholarly curator didn’t mind taking their energy for his own. But Renekton knew this fact and made Nasus play defensively, only grabbing the few minions he could safely take. But once a few waves were done, Renekton took off his glasses, gave Nasus a wink, and teleported away from their fight. 

This was twenty minutes ago now. Except for some visits by a celestial dragon, taunting Nasus’s sense of style and putting pressure on him, it was quiet on top of his lane. Finally, he had a chance to catch up, he had barely managed to get any essence from the magical beings, and he didn’t have any tools at his disposal to help him. His brother, on the other hand, was swimming in riches. The quick teleport moved the butcher to the south side of the rift, aiding in not only killing masked man, but also the bull that was protecting him. After that Nasus lost count of how many times his teammates fell to his brother. 

The jackal swung his staff, siphoning the energy out of every creature that he slays. He was still cautious; he didn’t know when the dragon would come back to force him back into hiding. But he never came. The curator had easy pickings as he slowly built his strength. This situation even gave him the courage to carve out a piece of the tower which blocked his path. He used the fickle existence of the minions to give him time. Each second spent to destroy the sentry was a second he needed. As the last mage’s crystal shattered, he began to retreat to safety. At that moment Renekton flashed through the wall and lunged at Nasus.

In his folly, Nasus had used up the spell the rift had given to him. That last assault from the celestial almost had him killed. Within moments, Renekton tackled him to the ground. His staff flying away in the impact, Nasus tried to get the crocodile off him. But the butcher grabbed an hourglass from his pocket, with a twist of the wrist Renekton turned gold as his time stopped. He was as immovable as the sands of Shurima, no matter how hard the curator tried to escape he was still stuck beneath the tower’s range, taking several arcane bolts. Renekton flickered back to reality and rolled off his brother. Nasus took the bait and ran away, his plating scorched by the sentry’s blasts. In this attempt he forgot his weapon, which now lays in the hands of his brother. “Doggie wants his stick back?” He taunted, tapping the staff against the ground.

With no weapon in hand and exhaustion starting to wear on him, Nasus observed as his brother walked towards him. His cocksure swagger infuriating the Jackal. He couldn’t back down, if he could distract his brother the rest of his team could do something, anything, to win advantage. This moment of contemplation was the opening the crocodile needed. He sliced and diced through the wave and began attacking Nasus. Each strike rang true, though his axe seemed like a mere toy it still stung like the weapon his brother used to wield. The flowing motion brought with it a piece of the curators armor, each time the enhanced plastic hit him. Soon enough he was stripped bare, only the bindings across his arm and his loincloth remained. Renekton grabbed his brother by his midsection and flung him up to his shoulders. Nasus, too drained to fight, let him carry him into the bushes behind them.

“Now, I would say that’s my victory. Wouldn’t you agree?” Renekton mused as he placed his brother against the stone wall. Too busy catching his breath, Nasus didn’t register what his brother asked him. Renekton placed a hand atop the jackal’s head and scratched it, eliciting Nasus’s tail to wag and leg to twitch. A reaction he didn’t know he had. The butcher took his other hand to the seam of his trunks and pulled them down, displaying his leaking slit. Nasus recoiled in shock, his brother never showed interest in him this way. “Come on then, I won, and you know the deal” Renekton said pushing Nasus’s head towards his crotch. The smell of it burned in the curator’s nostril. He could imagine it was strong before, but after his ascension his sense of smell beat anyone else’s. He fought against it, but his already tired body, along with his brother’s attractive musk, couldn’t deny that he found the situation attractive. He opened his maw and began to lick up the pre that dripped from the slit. 

Renekton leaned over his brother and placed his arm against the wall as support. Nasus’s eager, slender tongue always dove deep fast, trying to coax his cock out. Each second spent exploring his insides built Renekton’s lust to burn higher, while Nasus’s mind blanked as he hungrily tasted his brother’s insides. The feeling was degrading, wrong and it made him anxious, yet it was liberating. He had always loved his brother, and the time he spent wandering the dessert Renekton was always on his mind. He hadn’t realized that his own feelings had evolved from brotherly love to romantic love sometime in the past, or maybe it was his own pent up needs that forced him to do it. What ever the case, once he felt Renekton’s cock creep out of the slit, bringing with it a new salty taste, he moaned into it, making his brother growl from the vibrations. 

The curator had to take a break; his fervent tasting of his brother made him lose track to breath. He parted ways with the opening slit as Renekton’s dick slowly crawled out. The thick, wet length tapped his nose as it throbbed before him. His own member had come to life during the process, making a wet spot on his loincloth grow with each pulse of his blood. Renekton took notice and lifted the coverings with his foot. His was slimmer than his own and, for the moment, longer. To spur the jackal on, the crocodile placed his clawed foot on Nasus’s member. A jolt surged through the curator’s spine as his cockhead met with the sharp digits, pulling his foreskin back. Hunger taking over, Nasus grabbed his brother’s hips and shoved his cock into the jackal’s mouth. 

Despite his best efforts to swallow the crocodile’s cock whole, Nasus chocked on the girth in his quick dive into it. Still, he wouldn’t give up. With tears starting to form in his eyes, his maw enveloped Renekton’s member slowly. To not choke again the curator focused on tending to the head, which he suckled and licked voraciously. The butcher gave Nasus a encouraging groan and closed his eyes, focusing on the warm mouth eagerly nursing his dick. In time with Nasus’s head bobs, Renekton stepped and pressed his soles onto the canine’s length, milking his seed out of him with rough, quick jerks of his clawed foot. The curator moaned around his brother’s cock, the taste all he needed and the brother’s affection he desperately craved made tit hard for him to control himself. He forced his gag reflex away and took Renekton’s member into his tight throat. A slight bugle formed at the top of the curator’s neck as he pushed his brother further and further into his gullet. But no matter how much he took, there was always more coming out of the butcher’s slit. Nasus lost control for a moment, too aroused to think straight, and desperately groaned for something more. Renekton, wanting the same thing himself, stomped on Nasus’s member, the force of it pushing him over the edge.

Cum spewed out of the jackal’s length, coating his chest and his brother’s foot in white strands of virility. Renekton pulled out of Nasus’s throat, his dick coated in a layer of saliva and finally fully erect. “Been away at busy work up with the nobles too long. You usually can take me to the base” Renekton said as he flipped his brother over, making him stand on all his fours. The words stuck in the curator’s mind. Nobles and busy work were nothing Nasus had time for as he wandered the Shuriman dessert. The butcher brought him out of his daze as he grasped Nasus’s cheeks and spread them apart. “Even if your tongue has lost it’s silver” Renekton said as he grinded his heavy axe against the curator’s hole. “Your ass still shakes like a bitch in heat when you feel it’s weight.”

Nasus was shaking, but not out of this desire Renekton thought he had. He feared for his body, the dick that wettened his back with pre would break him. His instincts kicked in, activating a fury that stood beneath the test of time, and making him grow to twice his size. His muscles growing tighter, powerful with each passing second. He could still feel his brother’s dick weigh on his back, but at least it was smaller now. “Oh, you want to do this.” Renekton said, a lecherous smile forming on his lips, “I knew you still were a kinky fuck.” The curator felt the ground grow wetter as his brother dominant urges took hold. Renekton’s muscles bulged as he followed suit with his brother. Veins getting more pronounced, his hands growing to encircle Nasus’s hips, his length growing in both length and width as it weighed down heavier than before. Once he was done, Renekton leaned over his brother and planted a kiss at the nape of his neck. The jackal was no longer the big brother between them. The butcher had matched his growth and more as he towered over the canine ascendant. Renekton cupped one of Nasus’s pecs and squeezed, making the dog moan in need. “Don’t you worry Niceass, I’ll not be gentle.” Renekton said as he put force onto the curator’s hole. 

With some licks across his back, Nasus relaxed, letting the crocodile put the tip of his dick into him. Already he could feel his ass burning, stretched beyond what he thought was possible. The jackal whimpered as his brother grabbed his nipple and twisted it forcefully. The act sent a shock of pleasure through Nasus, involuntarily making his insides pull Renekton in further. He exhaled, satisfied that his brother was finally getting into it. Renekton bucked his hips, spearing the curator’s inside with more crocodilian meat. “About halfway” the butcher mumbled into Nasus’s ear. His pain growing as his brother shoved more of himself into him, but in that pain, he found a spark of pleasure. As Renekton pumped more of himself into Nasus he could feel it turn stronger. The stretching no longer hurting, rather it was burning in a pleasant manner. The uncomfortable intrusion turned to satisfaction as he felt his brother throb inside him. With one final, powerful, push, Renekton’s hips slammed into Nasus’s. The impact making the jackal’s sack to slab against the reptile’s crotch and making him cum, spraying the ground with seed. 

Not even noticing his brother cumming, except for his rump being a bit tighter. Renekton pulled out and slammed himself back in, making Nasus bark in surprise. “You’re really feeling it today aren’t you?” Renekton asked, each word bringing another smack against Nasus’s behind. The curator didn’t answer, too focused on not embarrassing himself further with unwanted noises. He felt hands trail across his chest, once more finding them on his pecs. Locking themselves in place, the hands pulled Nasus towards Renekton, making them meet halfway while teasing the jackal’s sensitive pecs. “No matter” Renekton huffed into Nasus’s ear, “I know you already call me Dominus amongst your friends. Yeah, word travels that fast you horn dog.” Dominus… Something about the word made Nasus’s mind let go of any attempt to make himself seem proud, instead focusing on the burning pleasure that each thrust gave him. Once he felt his brother hit his prostate, he let out a whorish moan, not a sound someone as dignified as a curator should make. Encouraged by the noises his brother made, Renekton pushed his head against the ground and locked his legs in front of Nasus’s. There was no escape. The crocodile roared as he pummeled the curator’s ass faster and faster, each ball smacking thrust producing a guttural moan out of Nasus. His arms felt weak, his whole body was shaking as Renekton pounded his prostate.

With one extra forceful hump Nasus’s arms gave up on him. His ass now hanging in the air thanks to his brother’s strong arms. Sweat rolled down each brother’s body as they both exerted themselves to last longer. Despite their best efforts, they both neared their peak. Renekton readjusted his grip and made hard, shallow thrusts into the loose hole he had created. A symphony of moans, groans and the sound of flesh meeting flesh echoed through the arena. Renekton felt a familiar shiver crawl up his spine. Unable to stop it, he bucked into the hole erratically before sheathing his axe deep inside. A roar filled the crocodile’s lungs as the pressure forced itself out. Renekton came hard, jets of cum painting Nasus’s insides white as he pumped out every drop into his brother. Nasus came for the third time that day, his load impressive for most, but compared to the creamy filling he was getting it was nothing.
The butcher pulled out, shooting his last ropes across the curator’s back. The viscous, clear stripes complimenting Nasus’s natural brown. The jackal felt empty. His hole was gaping with cum flowing out of it like a white waterfall. He tried his best to force it shut, to keep some of his brother’s warmth inside. While doing so, his trembling arms tried to push him back to his feet. But a slap on the cheek from his brother sent him back to the ground, too tired to move. “That was fun. Be sure to call next time you’re this needy. “Renekton teased his panting brother, “I’m more than eager to help.” He left the bush without his trunks, deciding to let Nasus use them as smelling salt if he needed a “pick me up.” Time to win this game the butcher thought to himself readying his axe as his other weapon retreated to his slit.

Meanwhile, on another rift entirely, Nasus wearing a monocle and a blue vest rode a plate wearing Renekton. His grey trousers destroyed by the crocodile’s savage slashes with his sharp axe. “Show some more of that strength you’re famous for Rene. I want you to have to perform CPR to bring be back after this” Nasus said pushing his ass down onto Renekton’s cock. “Give me a break. You have quelled my rage a long time ago. I require some rest” the crocodile panted out. “Nonsense,” the dapped dog said, “we still have forty minutes before any of our incompetent teams wins. If you’re not up for it, I will gladly switch places” Nasus moaned as he smashed his prostate against Renekton’s dick.
