#Dr. Crane's Potential Interactions
>Sasha the Snake
Dr. Crane would avoid this thing at all costs. He's not interested in becoming snake food. Assuming something was able to hurt her enough that she'd need his services, he'd treat her like any other patient. Depending on which desert she's in, she might be one of the ones he's more likely to encounter too. He only has room for one person on his bike though, and finding a comfortable seating position for her would probably be tricky.
>Ramses
Another "flee on sight" option, and the difficulty in grouping up goes beyond inconvenient anatomy. Subjugating himself to a mutant supremacist isn't on his to-do list, so I'd say this dynamic duo isn't in the cards. However, as was the case with Sasha, Ramses would still get the same quality of medical care anyone else would.
>Nikto
>He is very tired. The kind of tired that sleep doesn't fix.
Crane would understand this feeling himself. I could see them traveling together, though I'm not sure he could afford to actually hire Nikto. They'd probably need a shared destination or an agreement where Crane pays in medical services or something. Whether they form a business relationship or not, Crane is headed in Nikto's direction, so they're likely to cross paths in or around Port Steel.
>H0P3
He'd find her creator's name choice cute, but nuts and bolts are not his area of expertise. And while she'd be an invaluable companion, he wouldn't be able to afford her services. I don't see them traveling together, but he could always run into her in the same manner as Nikto.
>Sage
Dr. Crane would be deeply saddened by the chimeric body horror inflicted upon her, and he'd be willing to assist however he can. Provided he had advanced enough equipment and a sterile environment, he could possibly even merge her skeleton with her biosuit or reinforce her weak constitution in some other way. That said, he currently lacks access to such tools, and it seems unlikely she'd want any more doctors poking around inside her body.
>Glimmer / Bliss / Doe / Kitty / Sprite
He plans to avoid the City Jungle, as it's not the ideal terrain for his motorcycle. Lucky him. He'd probably get a bad enough feeling from the post-apocalyptic sirens' eerie jungle singing to not fall victim to them, but I don't think he'd know about their existence beforehand.
>Mike the driver.
He's got his own ride, but Crane would appreciate being saved from dying of dehydration or worse should he run out of gas or wreck his bike. Would consider using his services if he was going through a particularly dangerous area and could afford it. Fairly likely to encounter him at some point in his travels north. Might already be familiar with him depending on which desert he's in.
>Ricky W. Booth
He's patched up a lot of guys like this out in the wastes, as they tend to get themselves injured a lot. Crane would find him amusing, but I don't think Ricky would end up as a long-term companion when he's so busy with his lucrative smuggling operation. Perhaps the doctor could get some supplies in exchange for homemade STI medication.
>Kara Ramirez
Goldacres is one of the few areas out of the way for him, but perhaps they'll cross paths while she's making one of her delivery runs. Dr. Crane has dealt with his fair share of rude patients, so her sharp tongue wouldn't bother him, nor would it likely fool him. He'd probably take a liking to the cook, and he'd make a note to visit her restaurant one day, should they have a meaningful interaction.
>Yuki Kikuchi
He'd likely put up some physical boundaries were they to meet, but he'd otherwise appreciate her friendly nature. If anything, she may be the one to find him a bit humdrum. I could see them traveling together if they were headed in the same direction, and he'd appreciate having a mechanic with her own ride.
>Ultra Magnus
Dr. Crane would definitely appreciate the companionship of someone so skilled in combat, and he'd find the man's good nature rather refreshing. I think they'd get along quite well, despite their expertise being so opposite. Magnus's bizarre tribal beliefs would be amusing to the good doctor, but Crane wouldn't believe it's his place to try and correct the man's perception of a history no one fully grasps. Despite all that, it seems highly unlikely the doctor's bike could handle the added weight of such a huge man AND his colossal set of power armor. How fast can he run in that?
>Lockley Aimes
Similar to Ricky, I don't think they'd be long-term companions due to the nature of her work. But Crane would find her endearing, and he'd obviously be quick to patch her up if he stumbled upon her while she was injured. She seems fairly young, so he might urge her to be more careful if her injury was the result of being reckless. He's got a soft spot for kids.
>Heli Matharom
As she already has a posse of her own and would rather avoid The City and The University, they'd most likely be temporary companions if they did travel together. Perhaps she'd employ him as a doctor at some point until their paths diverge. I imagine they'd get along pretty well, since he's the honest sort and has a thoughtful, realistic outlook on the wastes. I doubt she'd unload her tragic backstory onto him, but he'd likely pick up on it and would empathize. He'd also admire the protective bond she shares with her companions. When it comes to them, he'd find the robot curious but ultimately wouldn't have too many interactions with him, he'd naturally be a little extra concerned with the safety of the young girl, and he'd find the mutant's circumstances rather sad but his company enjoyable.
>C.C.A.M.U. (Amu for short)
Since she's starting in the jungle, I'm not sure if or when she'd cross paths with the good doctor. If they do meet while she's searching for her stolen parts, then I suppose Crane would be willing to assist her. I'm not sure how much help he'd be, though, since he's not likely to be very familiar with the areas where they'd be bought and sold. He tends to be more interested in people than machines, but he would find her prickly personality pretty amusing. Though he wouldn't really take her all that seriously until she showed her capacity for more "human" emotion in a genuine way.
>Samson
As was the case with the Nymphs, Crane isn't super likely to cross paths with Samson at this point. Were he to enter the Nymph's jungle territory, Crane would be extremely cautious of the creature for obvious reasons. He'd treat him in much the same way as Sasha- as a monster to be avoided and kept at a distance. Discovering Samson can speak wouldn't do much to ease his tension, and he'd merely try to placate him long enough to exit the situation. If for some reason he was forced to interact with the beast for a prolonged period of time, Crane would try to establish in him a more consistent ethical framework, perhaps using the creature's interest in "wound fixing" to foster a greater degree of empathy for the lives of others. 
>Nick
The good doctor would probably enjoy the man's wacky stories quite a lot, perhaps surprising the martial artist with a few of his own. He'd have to see Nick in action before he'd fully believe all the details, but proving the veracity of his claims might lead to a request of a physical evaluation. Crane would be curious as to the source of his altered physiology. It'd depend on Nick's current location, but the two of them both being wanderers of sorts means they could have a good chance of crossing paths. Outside of Nikto eventually taking up the remaining space on his bike, I don't see Crane having any issues traveling with someone like Nick
>Dr. Remilia Rochefort
She'd fall in the "difficult patient" category: not anything he hasn't dealt with before, but not his preferred source of company. That said, their shared interest in brains would make her a rare and enjoyable conversation partner if that remained the topic of conversation. Best in short burts most likely. Crane is headed towards the city ruins, so they could meet in theory, but he's not really the type to seek out a psychiatrist. I assume she'd give him some unprompted insight on running from trauma or something were they to cross paths.
>Georgia Dolittle
Fairly likely to cross paths on their current trajectories, and her having a wolf mount would make things a bit easier were they to travel together. Not sure how well the boar would keep up, though. I assume the chimp rides the wolf? Beyond that, they'd likely get along fairly well. She's a survivor like him, and she's got the medical knowledge to make due when options are limited. Being able to rough it in the wastes is definitely a boon. Should they travel together, he'd be a little more wary of riskier routes on account of her being pregnant. He'd respect her desire for privacy in that department, though. Might be a bit hesitant at first of her posse of seemingly wild animals, at least until he sees how well-trained they are.
>Quinn Chase
Crane would prefer to stay out of gang related conflicts, so their chances of traveling together seem pretty low. The Boss doesn't seem much the traveling type anyways, as I assume he's got his established territory in the city. Chances of running into him or his gang members seem likely, however, since Crane is headed that way. A powerful gang leader might as well be a mutant like Samson, as the doctor would view an encounter with him in the much the same way. That is, a potentially volatile situation to carefully navigate and exit as soon as possible.
>Lance
 Crane probably listens to his station more than Karnak's on account of the former's frequent news updates and the latter's regular mutant supremacy propaganda. The doctor is new to the area, so the information is actually quite helpful. The precision of Lance's reporting borders on unsettling at times, however. Most notably, the fact that he knew of Crane's presence in the area and even the direction he was headed, despite the two of them having never met. Speaking of, I suppose the chances of that aren't too low. It depends on whether or not the airport is on his route to Port Steel. Doesn't seem like Lance is going anywhere.
>James/Thomas/Harrison/Jonathan/Richard
As far as Crane is concerned, this is just an airship in the sky he's glad isn't overly hostile. Were he to meet the crew, he'd be willing to offer his services to them as much as the next person. Can't say he'd care for them much, but he'd appreciate the opportunity to use more advanced medical technology should the opportunity present itself. I don't see many chances for them to interact, however, due to the crew being at a completely different altitude. They'd probably have to come down for him. 
>Marcus 'Marc' Cassius Allen
Crane wouldn't really trust his claims of being from the past without proof, but he'd be intrigued. There's definitely enough weird stuff in the wastes that it wouldn't be too far fetched. He'd certainly walk the walk in combat, so perhaps that'd lend credence to his claims. The two probably don't have too much in common, but Crane wouldn't turn down the aid were they to meet on their travels. Not sure how likely they'd be to cross paths, but the guy's lack of a vehicle makes any long-term arrangement tricky at the moment. 
>Calliope, Rocker of the Ruins
Someone who enjoys death as much as she does isn't at the top of his list of travel buddies. In his experience, that sort of company tends to create a lot of problems. He'd probably just try to stay off her radar in general. She seems to be more in the Goldacres area anyways, so the liklihood of them crossing paths seems low at the moment
>Isha, Princess of the Verzon Tribe
Crane would sympathize with the plight of her people, and he'd be willing to assist however he can. He'd probably find her company pleasant enough were they to travel together, though her proclivity for explosives would make him a bit cautious. Still, the firepower would definitely open up some unique tactical advantages, as well a nuclear option when there's no time for tactics. I'm not sure of her current location, but I suppose there'd be a chance of him running into her clan after he reaches Port Steel and continues north.
>Karnak
Similiar to Lance, Karnak's station acts as an occasional heads-up to potential situations he'd very much avoid. Just not quite as intentionally in this case. His devotion to Ramses makes him arguably more dangerous and harder to reason with than the mutant leader himself, so Crane would definitely prefer to not run into this radio host.