Ooszuun

The Ooszuun are a species originating from the planet Kulmipra, the second planet in the twin-star system Niea 247H. The natives of the system commonly call it Ioyama. Biologists often refer to the planet as the 'Garden of Eden' for the vast density of life present throughout the planet's biomes. By some estimates, the planet houses over 16 million species, with dozens more discovered during each new research excursion. The high density of species present on Kulmipra is theorized to result from the planet's thick atmosphere, which contains a high density of nitrous oxide (NO2). This gas creates a strong greenhouse effect that prevents the formation of ice sheets while driving the spread of swampy rainforests across much of the surface of the planet. Though the organisms of Ooszuun have had millions of years to evolve to these conditions, the atmosphere is toxic to humans, and any individuals who wish to visit the planet are advised to use respirators during their stay.

Of those 16 million taxa, two are widely accepted to have developed a complex level of intelligence that can support a civilization, with scientists debating the extent of consciousness present in the plant analog Stegvut. Of these two species, only the Ooszuun have developed space travel, while the Bhelnoh have seen drastic population loss over the past few centuries because of disease, and are solely found on an island in the Aere sea where they continue the same simple pastoral lifestyle they have used for generations. Very few are permitted to come into contact with the Bhelnoh to protect their community from further outbreaks. 

History

The forested marshlands the Ooszuun evolved in present both unique challenges and opportunities for understanding the development of the species. The brackish water covering these ancestral homes on the continent Ural are far too rich in bacterium to allow for the formation of a rich fossil record. However, it is clear to archeologists that early Ooszuum culture began to ceremoniously bury their dead in peat bogs, which would preserve the remains in exquisite detail. Early Ooszuum societies, such as the Brilxon, Strirrith, and Selgra are all believed to have been highly religious, as they buried even the lowest members of their society alongside a plethora of idols, stone jewelry, and cloth sporting holy symbols. These civilizations, despite being near one another, seem to have very little recorded incidents of conflict, as their ancestral lands offered more than enough resources to support their small populations. Intermixing between these communities and smaller tribes was common, leading a linking of family trees that have become a nightmare for historians to follow. Soon, the distinctions between these varying groups began to dissolve, and a larger monoculture referred to as the Ucon began to form. 

Though these Ucon had the resources to allow for travel to other regions of the planet, excursions were infrequent. The population remaining in the same localities for long periods of time. Reports of emigration crop up in the written record, mainly to deal with overpopulation, though the success of these outings were limited. Most groups of Ucon who left their native lands never returned. One notable exception was a party led by Theelzo the Wanderer who sailed across the Aere Sea and returned after 12 solar cycles with reports of a strange metal cylinder emerging from within a valley. This intrigued the elders, hoping this structure may hold much-needed resources and food as Ucon culture had grown to a size where the tradition of hunting and gathering could no longer feed all its citizens. Given a larger crew, Theelzo the Wanderer returned to the object for further study. Though they were unaware of it, the party had discovered an alien spacecraft that crashed down on the planet thousands of solar cycles before. While the ship's crew had all died on impact, the onboard computers were still functional and accessible. When the Ucon finally found their way inside the vessel, they found themselves surrounded by a proverbial treasure trove of advanced technologies, along with the information on how to construct and develop more. After many generations and trips to this now holy site, the Ucon reverse engineered many of these devices and built machines more geared towards their biology. This new technological age, known as the Rebirth, brought with it a dramatic increase in resource utilization and population. Eventually, spurred on to find the origins of the “star-beings” who had granted them these technological gifts, many Ooszuun began to further explore their planet, and eventually their star system.

In the subsequent years, the Ooszuun founded colonies on other planets within their star system and even traveled to other regions of the galaxy. On stardate 74X-58.9L-93 the Qhecael, an independent spacefaring colony of Ooszuun, made first contact with a Zuknein research vessel. Communication between the two was incredibly welcoming, with more active comms being established soon after. On stardate 74X-97.3L-03 the Qhecael officially joined the Confederacy of Worlds, with the non-autonomous colonies and the natives of Kulmipra (having since broken up into a handful of allied nations) doing so on stardate 74X-97.9L-64.

Culture

Describing the cultural norms and traditions of the Ooszuun is difficult to do, as the species has developed a wide range of customs, while proving quick to incorproate the practices of others. In my own years of travel, I have met a wide range of Ooszuun. Depending on their upbringing, current home, age, and history, the specific values can vary widely. Trying to concisely describe modern Ooszuun culture is as difficult as describing modern human culture. Though I would argue this is the case for most non-hivemind species, Ooszuun embody this more so than nearly any other. Therefore, I will attempt to note some major similarities I have observed in Ooszuun friends, colleagues, and lovers. However, do note that these are by no means hard rules for every Ooszuun you may encounter.

As the Ooszuun's first contacts with alien cultures had such a pronounced and positive effect on their own, the species tend to be friendly towards other races. Ooszuun are not an uncommon sight on space stations across the galaxy, often working as priests and holy leaders to proselytize a more spiritual version of their ancient religion. Said religion has developed into many sects and branches over the years, though often with a common dogma of unity and peace. It is also common that most species are taught a lighter version of these religions, with only Ooszuun being permitted to read from the official holy texts. Ghola is a notable exception to this trend, with any species being welcomed as a cleric should they prove their devotion to the teachings. 

While working in the religious sector are what Ooszuun are most known for, the species has integrated itself in countless fields, from government and outreach to entertainment and the arts. Ooszuun are also unique in that a career in the sex industry is not looked down upon, but rather embraced as a way to connect with other species. In fact, one long-standing minister on the Dronoe Q6X station worked as a favorite in his local red-light district. He even advertised with the slogan “If you can trust me with your most delicate parts, then you can trust me to treat your needs just as seriously”.

Though many Ooszuun prove to be patient with the differing values and traditions of other species, one thing almost no Ooszuun will tolerate is being called wasteful. Preservation of their environment and surroundings is a core tenant of nearly all Ooszuun cultures dating back to the species pre-spacefaring days. Had the Ucon never uncovered the crashed alien spacecraft, filled with efficient and ecologically friendly technology, the species may never have developed space travel for fear of overly cultivating and damaging their local ecosystem. Should you take a Ooszuun out for a meal, and they cannot finish their plate, do not suggest throwing the food away for them. Rather, they would much prefer saving the leftovers or even donating it to the less well-off. If you also work in a field such as large-scale mining or foresting, you may find it difficult to find a long term Ooszuun partner who sticks around after you describe your line of work. 

Biology

The Ooszuun are quite snake-like in appearance, with long slender bodies that average roughly 4.1 LLU (1.98 m/6.5 ft) in length. Most of the post-cranial structure appears smooth, featuring dark blue velvety skin. The body seems to lack discernable structures save for what appears to be a visible ribcage made of 16 pairs of green bones situated close to the head. These are not ribs but limbs that the Ooszuun can unfurl to crawl, climb, and handle tools. Despite these limbs, most Ooszuun prefer to use a slithering locomotion style. These limbs had evolved secondarily in Ooszuun ancestors, used primarily to latch onto the substrate while an undulatory motion was still the primary method of swimming. Eventually these limbs proved useful in crawling onto the land and scaling the thick trees near the shoreline. Much like an Earth snake, the limbless body of the Ooszuun is brimming with muscle, giving the species an immense amount of strength proportional to their slender form.

Like the rest of the body, the Ooszuun head is relatively featureless at a glance. The smooth, curved head that ends in a tapered point has no external ears, no jaw, and two tiny white eyes. The dense waters and dark jungles of Kulmipra meant scent and touch were the most efficient means of navigating for the species. Ooszuun have a very weak sense of sight, with most being nearsighted. To make up for this, the Ooszuun olfactory system is incredibly complex, with small openings permeating across their head allowing them to pick up and discern the composition and direction of even the faintest scents. One particular individual was noted for being able to smell the pheromones of their partner from over 0.8 ULU (3.2 km/2 miles) away. It should come as no surprise then an Ooszuun can naturally produce a wide range of odors that can be modified to meet an individual's need. It produces these from pits near the eyes. 

While Ooszuun lack a proper jaw, their head features a small opening that houses a feeding proboscis that can be extended to grasp food. Though this spiked tube can process food, without the ability to chew food is masticated through the use of their limbs, before it is swallowed by the proboscis. As such, many Ooszuun prefer liquified food, as it is easier to consume and closer to the sap and underwater leaves that make up their natural diet.

The lack of a jaw or vocal cords also means Ooszuun cannot communicate verbally. Though the method of “speaking” though pheromones prove useful between one another, the species had to develop other means of communication across great distances and for other species of alien. Most Ooszuun individuals utilize a text-to-speech device they will hold to their chest and manipulate with their digits, quickly typing out sentences that are read aloud. With advances in machine learning, the programs used in these devices can quickly construct the appropriate tone and inflection for the listener, though there is still a delay between typed sentence and spoken word that can somewhat stunt back-and-forth communication. Most Ooszuun are taught Galactic Common to most easily converse with a wide number of species, though specialists learn different languages for their specific line of work. 

Reproduction and Sex with Humans

Ooszuun reproduce through spores that are produced and collected on the bellies of the males and females, respectively. Though one might assume that the species use broadcast spawning as many other spore-based species do, Ooszuun instead engage in paired sex. After the pair has courted one another through dance and pheromone production, the two will intertwine and lock their limbs together, rubbing their spore-filled patches of skin. This stimulates the release of spermatozoon which migrate to small pouches on the female, each of which contains a single egg. On average, a female Ooszuun will mother a litter of twelve to nineteen offspring. At roughly 0.49 starcycles (4.6 months), the young fully emerge from their pouches, though they will continue to live inside the mother’s chest cavity and feed off her lactation patches for another 0.23 starcycles (2.2 months). Once the young fully leave the immediate protection of their mother, they can move and communicate at the same level as a human 3-year-old. At 15.33 starcycles (12 years) the children have reached adulthood, an age accepted amongst most Ooszuun cultures as the legal age to engage in sexual activity.

For a human, sex with an Ooszuun is as much a mental experience as a physical one. A good Ooszuun partner will incorporate their ability to produce pheromones in both courtship and lovemaking. A casual fling may start with one drawing you in with enticing aromas, only to ramp up the intensity of these scents as the night goes on. Should they get a sense of what smells really get you going, it is not unreasonable to expect that your mind goes foggy and drives you to get more and more of that tempting odor. For those who have a frequent Ooszuun partner, or are incredibly forthright with their preferences, knowledge of your tastes would allow them to hit you with a near overwhelming aroma. A word of warning, however, there have been instances of Ooszuun getting unsuspecting humans drunk off these pheromones, only to use this as an opportunity to rob them. 

Once in the bedroom, many Ooszuun prefer to disrobe through an ornate dance of sorts, undulating their bodies to peel away their attire. Though some may view you removing their clothing for them as disrespectful, many are understanding of the customs and practices of other cultures. Some even view this as incredibly kinky. 

Once they have undressed, most Ooszuun will coil themselves around their partner, holding them close as their muscular tails while stimulating your sensitive regions. A “tailjob” or “tail-fingering” can be quite an experience, as the flexibility, dexterity, and strength of their bodies allow for a level of control few others can offer. For those with a penis it is even possible to experience these two things simultaneously, though do not expect to last incredibly long without the use of numbing agents. 

A “handjob” from a Ooszuun is a rather different experience altogether. Though almost more versatile than their tails, Ooszuun limbs are rather pointed to the touch. I would advise against those not into painplay to avoid having them near one's genitals because of the slightly barbed nature of each leg. That being said, these barbs are much less discernable on less sensitive sections of skin, making it reasonable to be mounted by your alien partner.
For those interested in penetrative sex with a Ooszuun, there are unfortunately few options. An Ooszun’s mouth is both small (only as wide as a human index finger) and filled with their feeding proboscis. Additionally, this proboscis itself is covered in small spines to aid in feeding. Though the Ooszuun cloaca lacks any spikey regions, its narrow diameter makes it impossible to penetrate unless you use a miniature toy, have a small penis, or the Ooszuun has practiced to stretch their opening. As this hole lacks any nerve endings, Ooszuun engage in cloacal sex either to please their partner or as a form of submission. 

As they are used in natural reproduction, the “chest” of both male and female Ooszuun is quite sensitive to touch. Not once have I heard of a Ooszuun who did not enjoy this section stimulated, be it through vibrators, hands, genitals, tongues, or faces. If you want to drive any Ooszuun wild, drag your tongue from the base of their chest up to the top slowly, savoring the texture of their body. Not only will they adore this, but they will certainly blast your face with a thick cloud of pheromones to return the favor. I have no shame in admitting I once spent several hours just licking a Ooszuun’s chest and taking in their scent. Eventually, it got to the point that the slightest touch would set me off. 

Extra

Included below is an interview I conducted with Recieh the Creative, who runs a scent production studio on Unides which crafts specific sexual scents for customers. 

Lenz - So Im sure some people have seen a few scent production companies founded and run by Ooszuun, but your is somewhat unique in both scope and insistence to be referred to as a “collective of artists” rather than a company. Why is that title so important to you and your brand?

Recieh - Well, the making of bottled odors for others has a long history, going back to the Rebirth days when we first learned how to effectively store all of that. Sure, it was a bit of a novelty for us back then, but it really took off with other species. So you see places like [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] popping up and mass producing these for their buyers. They [customers] liked it, of course, but I always felt there was some separation between the workers and them [customers]. And really, not only did I want to make it clear that those who make these scents are artists, but I wanted the patrons to feel they were getting something personal and unique. To that extent, I don’t feel like we’re a company, moreso a group of like-minded spirits who want to make something special. 

Lenz - So describe to me how the process works.

Recieh - Well, when we get a new patron, we make sure to interview them about what they are looking for. If they’ve had previous experience in Ooszuun pheromone buying, we might see which scents they like, or may be curious about. Many come in with a specific idea in mind, but are pretty open to new fragrance elements after some back-and-forth. Then, we find which artist most closely matches their vision, and work through the process sampling through some suggested iterations until we find what they like. Then that artist will make the volume they ordered and send it their way.

Lenz - It sounds not just personal then, especially since it seems like no other artists make scents for the customer besides the one who was paired with them. 

Recieh - Indeed. We’re all well trained, and can make a pretty wide breadth of smells, but each artist has their own style, their own flair that is, really, impossible for us to replicate. It's important that patrons get that perfect blending of visions, without any fear of variation or departure from it. 

Lenz - And how varied do these orders get?

Recieh - More than you might expect. Not just because we cater to all sorts of species with their own preferences. It’s no secret that our patrons are usually more experienced, and that comes with a wider palate. You might expect humans specifically want variation on musk, and many do. But we’ve had some wanting things more along the lines of floral or salty fragrances. Some you might even consider a bit off-putting for your own tastes [laughs].

Lenz - Now, I almost hate to bring it up, but I’m sure you’ve heard complaints of your “elitist” mindset with all this that makes scents too expensive for your average consumer. How do you feel about that?

Recieh - [Pauses]. Yes, I’ve heard these words. Much of my being is sad in how true they ring, though not without fair reason. Well, not so much the elitist title. But anyway, the price reflects the limited runs and effort we put into these pieces. It takes quite a while to craft the exact scent and one [individual] can only make so much each cycle without burnout. Plus, one [himself] needs to eat. That all said, there are certainly plans to combine our method with the system the major companies use. We’re hoping to release a line of artist specific scent ranges for customers to buy. Ones that won’t forgo the elements of each artist that make them unique, while even giving them a chance to explore with new ideas and concepts. All while making something that, without the lengthy interview process, should be much more affordable for many. 

Lenz - Now, forgive me if this is a bit personal, but have your partners found that your experience in this line of work really carries over into the bedroom in a positive way?
Recieh - Well, they would if I wasn’t on such a dry spell [laughs]. But, I know that for both myself and my artists, there have been recountings of partners really appreciating just how well-versed we are with this. We take this all quite seriously after all, and seeing them really embrace it is the reason we do it. Plus, on the days we’re feeling a bit lazy, we can get them off a lot faster [laughs].
Lenz - Well thank you for your time. To finish up, I’d like to ask if you had any suggestions for any Ooszuun looking to do this as a career.

Recieh - Don’t be afraid to embrace what makes your spirit unique. We have a gift in this [pheromone production] and wanting to build on it is something noble. So go out there and do something new with it. Make others interested in your own tastes, your own views. We need more creative types in this profession, and I just hope that I can inspire others to really express themselves fully.