##### `Monsters Need Love Too`
>She was created to be a warrior, an unstoppable soldier in her wolf form
>She's retired from service in her early 30s because of the controversy of PMC cloning projects
>Meet her on an online dating service, her past totally unknown to you
>Go on a few dates with her, and invite her back to your place after dinner
>She agrees, and you begin kissing her
>In the heat of passion she takes her wolf form becoming mortified as soon as she realizes what has happened

>you open your eyes as she breaks the kiss, you rise to stand in shock; your dates clothing bursting to pieces as she is replaced by a what your mind immediately registers as a monster.
>A dark grey figure, it rises from a hunch to stand in your living area at close to 7ft in height. It bears its intense yellow gaze far into your own; long mouth going slightly agape to show equal rows of sharp teeth, top and bottom, behind two prominent fags. the transaction of your glances taking less than a single second; chilled, adrenaline laden blood making it seem eternity.
>moving to pivot you place your left foot back, wheeling yourself around to run, but freeze with your back towards the thing.
>"Please..", the pleading voice of the woman you've become so infatuated with calls out to you; albeit it sounds just a bit heavier and more raspy than the already rough contralto you know her by. Still terrified, but no coward, you turn slowly around to face your fate.
>as if magnetized your eyes snap to its yellow orbs, the sharpness in them a moment ago replaced with visible sorrow and free-flowing tears.
"Please...dont leave", the unmistakable voice of your date tapers off weakly at the last word. "Its me", it says with a desperate voice, reaching large hands up to its face in a meak hiding gesture. Still peering into you through the ports of fingers adorned by claws that end in a deadly point.
>wrought with disbelief your tunnel vision clears, your eyes leave hers to trace downwards to her bushy neck. Fur, dark grey fur from its neck spilling into the cleavage of noticeably large breasts. Further down, the sides of its(her?) stomach narrows towards the center only to stretch back out ending in wide hips that match the width of the shoulders above. Giving HER a starkly clear hourglass physique. Generous thighs and calves showing muscle definition through neat fur, feet displaying the same razor point claws.
>You're mindlessly ogling with a slack jaw now.

>Your vision bounces up and down her body, stopping more than once at her black nipples and the visible black lips of her sex which has a light red hue.
>A sob breaks your trance, eyes darting up to find heavy tears rolling off the now matted cheek fur onto the floor. Mind returning, you are flooded with the realizations of your brazen staring and guilty arousal. Looking through the fingers still shielding her face into her eyes the final realization hits you, this is the same woman you kissed.
>Shock rocks you, causing a reflexive step back. The sudden movement catches her off gaurd, her emotional distress leaving her strength sapped. She's convinced you are going to flee. Her prowess dampened, she makes a pitiful attempt to reach out for you, tripping and falling on her knees to the floor near your feet. Her head cast down into her hands, pointy ears layed flat, she chokes between sobs. "You.think I'm.a monster."
>The opposite is true, you know this is the woman(werewolf?) you love. The speed and surreal nature of the events doesn't stop you from thinking you could have prevented her sorrow.
>Reaching down you place one hand on her shoulder, the other brushes locks of disheveled black hair back behind her head. She tenses, her ragged sobbing slowing to a stop, her glassy, reddened eyes look up to your own. "I know it's you" your voice cracking under the mounting guilt.
>Her eyes speak a flurry of emotions to yours, most namely disbelief. You move your hands under her arms as if to pick her up, knowing its likely futile but pulling upwards regardless as she stands on her own to dwarf you. Straggling tears still fall as she stoops down to pull you into the nape of her neck draping her arms on your shoulders.
>For such a big girl she hugs you gently, as if not to break you, you return with the same force to be polite, fighting to keep your hands from combing through the soft coat on her back.

>Breaking the hug you gesture towards the sofa, a spark of vigor returning to her eye as you take her larger hand into your own leading her.
>You seat her, taking the throw blanket and covering her shoulders and back. She pulls it to cover her form, holding it closed with her hands. Sitting down next to her you remove a handkerchief from your pocket, carefully wiping the moisture from around her eyes as they close in quiet relief. Wiping the run from her black nose, holding it in place as she gives a blow into it. Placing the handkerchief back in your pocket the two of you sit silently; pinching the cover closed on her chest with one hand she rest the other close to you, as if offering it. Gently you pick her hand up holding it between the two of yours, the gesture drawing a small smile in the corners of her mouth.
>Both of you sit wordless, taking in the moment. The company of one another saying more than words could. A passing thought tells you how undeniably gorgeous she is. Is it normal to be attracted to a werewolf? Your mind reflects on the images of her naked form bringing redness to your face. Your date is a werewolf. A hot werewolf.
>She breaks the silence, "I was so sure you were going to run away." Conversation flows as she explains her military 'augmentation', and the symptoms surrounding it. Her embarrassment showing as she tells you transformation can happen with intense arousal, which was the case here..with you. Evidently she is stuck in her, 'combat form' for some time, at the very least the rest of tonight. Your turn to be embarrased, sheepishly sharing your enamor with her new found beauty, conceal your statement as a joke that you wouldn't mind if she was always like this.
>Talking settles to a close and before long the two of lean against each other. Growing tired as the night wears on you fall asleep stroking her hair as she lays on your chest.