##### `Fighting for the Companions`
>Ever since you were a youngin', dear old da' always told you the same story. He told it to you, his father told it to him, and his father's father told it to him. He would always say: "Son, whether you win or lose, any fight you walk away from is, a victory in and of itself".
>Truer words had never been spoken after a day like this. You and your Shield-Sister, Nyla, had been tasked with clearing out a Silverhand stronghold located far from the comforts of Whiterun. You and Nyla, young and warm-blooded as you two were, were up for anything. You two had grown close since the early days of first joining the Companions. You spent many hours a day training and hunting together, and many hours a night relishing in victory and each others' company.
>But today, had been a true test that neither of you were expecting to face. The Silverhand had grown stronger and stronger in the recent days, their numbers at the stronghold you were headed for had increased to a large extent. The fighting in the beginning went well, you were both able to get numerous kills while maintaining your own health.
>However, as the fight droned on, and more reinforcements poured in, you both found yourselves losing your stamina and becoming outnumbered... badly. Half of their numbers remained, but it was inconsequential. Nyla, your Shield-Sister you'd grown sweet on like a love sick pup, was being restrained by at least 5 of the Silverhand. You had been knocked to the ground, with a man hovering over you, waiting to seal your fate.

>Time seemed to slow, you looked to Nyla, and she looked to you. The look in her eyes were of pure terror, frightful that you were about to die for good. As your aggressor raised his battle axe, your mind began to wander. You wonder of the life you had planned for you and Nyla. When you both had finally agreed to settle down, you wanted to build your own house somewhere secluded and with plenty of land. Maybe one day have children together, little scamps to hold and love with all your heart... just as you loved Nyla.
>As the battle axe had motioned to swing, he immediately stops in his tracks and you are thrown out of your realm of thought when you hear a massive and viscious warcry. You turn to see Nyla had broken from her restraints and had gone on an absolute rampage, tearing the Silverhand to shreds with her powerful claws and rending their heads from their bodies with her mighty jaws. You quickly regain your composure at the sight of your beloved, not wanting this to be your final hour. You grab your sword, aim at your aggressor, who had been caught off guard from the sudden outburst, and stab him straight in his exposed abdomen.
>Nyla barrels into him, violently ripping out his entrails and leaving him a blood curdling mess. She then turns to you and stares at you with such ferocity. Her calm, brave, bold, blue eyes you'd grown to love and respect, had now been replaced with an intense, bloodlust crimson. You slowly but steadily rise to your feet, both of you finding your resolve in the most important of times. You both stand upright together, inhale as much oxygen as you can, and shout in unison a defiant warcry and roar, sending the Silverhand, who thought they had the upperhand, into disaray and fear.

>30... 30 men had lived in this stronghold, each intent on hurting werewolves of all kind. Now, 30 men lay dead at the feet of you and your Shield-Sister. In the aftermath of it all, when all was said and done, you collapse to your knees, reeling from the wounds you had endured now that your adrenaline wore off.
>Nyla was resting upright on the ground, and judging from the wounds, was in worse shape than you. You steal your nerves, rise to your feet and walk towards her, gathering your pack and tending to her wounds. As you tended to her, neither of you said a at first word, not like you could find the words to say considering the rollercoaster of emotions you'd gone through.
>"Shor's bones, you look awful." she says, clearly attempting to lighten the mood.
>You'd been used to Nyla's banter, it always made things more interesting: "You should see the other guy... or guys, rather." you replied.
>You both shared a light chuckle, but are immediately cut short when you wince in pain at your abdomen. "Please don't make me laugh. It hurts more if I do" you sheeply reply, giving a false grin to showcase your confidence.
>Nyla's weak smile immediately drops. She wasn't buying what you were selling. In an instant, she immediately pulls you in with both her arms and embraces you. Even with your armor on, you could feel Nyla trembling. This wasn't the cordial embracing you were used to, when you two woke up early in the morning and greeted each other. Nor was it the pleasurable embrace you were used to at nights, when either of you were too heavy with meade or had every intention to share a bed for the night. No, this was an embrace to acknowledge everything was in fact real. The battle that had been undertaken, the moment of panic expecting never to see each other ever again, the sudden resolve found to fight back at the remaining enemies, and more importantly, the Shield-Sibling in their embrace was still alive.

>'Shield-Sibling?' Damnit, no. You both nearly died and you never told her everything you felt. You pull back from her embrace, take both her hands in your own and say: "Nyla, I love you."
>She stares at you in bewilderment. "Are you really telling me this now? Right after we were both nearing Hircine's gate."
>"A wise man once told me 'that you never feel more alive until you're almost dead.' Besides, after today, I never want to wait again. I've dreamed for so long that you and I could settle down together someplace nice. We'd build our own house and maybe have a couple'a 'hairballs' runnin' about. Nyla I..."
>You can't even finish your confession before she cuts you off: "Yes!" she exclaimed. "Yes, you beautiful bastard, yes. I've wanted something like that for so long too, but just never knew how to put it, especially with everything else going on. Gods damn you for never just telling me before!"
>You both quickly embrace again, this time much more enthusiastically. Now would be a bad time for kissing, considering... yeah. Despite how ragged you both already felt, all the pain seemed to subside and only be replaced with something wholesome and warm.
>"Don't suppose you had any plans for how we should get started with those plans you seemed to be so fond of?" said Nyla.
>"Well Shiel... love, it just so happens I know a Mara's priest out in Riften who'd be happy to give us the Divine's blessing. But for now, I reckon we need to carry our broke butts to the nearest inn for rest." you said.

>Some may argue that having someone you love fight alongside you is an extra hazard to worry about in battle. But Talos as your witness, that love you share had unleashed a deep reservoir of warrior spirit that you needed to survive this ordeal. And Divines as your witness, you intended to cherish this newfound bond with Nyla. Although maybe not tonight, considering how sore both of you were. Guess warm meade, delicious sweet rolls, and late night cuddles will just have to do.