# Eastern Treasures

Even though the Hogwarts Expeditionary Guild was a fairly recent concept, most of their adventures thus far had been.. surprisingly successful. With this last one carrying the promise of potential riches given the numerous magical artifacts found in old ruins hidden away in the Highlands. The group had carefully extracted them to their camp, and then to one of their more permanent sites for safekeeping and examination. 

"Phew.. that's the last of it." Penelope dusted off her gloved hands before setting them on her hips, giving the storage room a look-over. The interior was cramped to say the least, rows upon rows of boarded up crates, a few barrels and even a small vault in the center. They'd need to clean it up later, but for now.. the fun could begin. 

From the outside the storage building looked rather inconspicuous, a run-down outhouse attached to an abandoned farm not too far from Hogsmeade. Enchanted with magic of course to ensure no curious visitors were drawn to the location. As the light Highland breeze caught long strands of blonde hair, Adrian frowned and attempted to blow them away and out of his face again. Failing that, he finally reached up and brushed the loose locks back where they belonged. 

"Okay well.. we'll be at the Hog's Head until you two are done." Most of the team had wandered off already, with Haitham and Matthias being the last to depart the farmstead. Adrian tipped his head in a nod to the former. "I think she's almost finished in there. We'll head down soon." The Slytherin waved the pair off before he turned to the outhouse. 
The wooden door was rotten through and through, and the top hinge had long since rusted off. Not that it particularly mattered, but it was a rather sorry sight. And who had decided to make the secret entrance an outhouse of all things anyways? 
He carefully opened the creaking door. A damp, earthy smell immediately becoming apparent once inside. Adrian plucked the wand from his robes and muttered an incantation while performing the required spell, then everything happened very fast. His vision blurred, spun, and with a disoriented grunt he suddenly stumbled in to their secret storage. The Apparition almost leaving the boy fused with an awkwardly placed crate. He dusted himself off and straightened up, eyes slowly adjusting to the dim lighting inside. Something felt.. off, a strange presence of some kind.
He hesitated before calling out in to the dark: "Penny!"

She'd been too curious to simply wait. One of the objects they'd recovered earlier that day was definitely of significant importance - considering it almost hummed from how much magic appeared to be infused in it. The physical characteristics were in comparison rather bland. Nothing more than a small orb, no larger than an egg and at a distance very nondescript. But it felt.. strange to the touch, sticky? Like it was pulling you in. Yet the surface was smooth and dark, almost reminiscent of polished Jade just not.. green. 
The copper-haired Guildleader ran the tips of her fingers over it. *Her.. gloves were gone?* She couldn't recall taking them off. Strange, the more she touched it.. the more she felt how senses dulled and a pleasant warmth coursed from fingers and up the arm. A sensation which soon occupied the Witch's entire body. The object was taunting almost, daring her to keep touching it given how that pleasant warmth only intensified with repeated strokes. *Wait, how had it gotten out of it's crate in the first place?* Penny's senses were fading quick, until a last bit of the Witch's still sane mind willed her to drag the hand away. Adrian's voice called her name, then darkness - she passed out.

He only heard the distant thud as something dropped to the floor, but had no idea what it was. The light had been almost entirely sapped out of the room by this point. Fingers tightened around the wand-handle and Adrian quickly drew the sign. 

"Lumos!"

Nothing, nothing except eerie silence, his head turned to check the exit but even that was now gone from view. ".. P-Penny?" He swallowed, was she trying to prank him? Scare him? He carefully moved deeper in to the room, occasionally bumping toes against a crate or some other obstacle which left him even more disorientated after trying to manoeuvre around it.

"......"

There was.. Someone nearby. Something? Adrian wasn't sure, the sensation he'd experienced just then was entirely alien to him. Like a chilly breath of air had gently caressed the side of his face, only for a moment - but then left him feeling all warm and fuzzy. "Lu-h.." His voice broke, something which would've normally left him embarrassed, but this time all he felt was stress, anxiety.. Fear. "L-Lumos.. Lumos! Lu-!" The wand finally produced a near non-existant, flickering light. 
After his eyes adjusted he noticed a shape.. writhing atop the wooden floor. It was Penny, in a state of.. he-.. he wasn't quite sure. The comely Ravenclaw's eyes were glazed over, body curving upwards as she twisted back and forth, clawing at what remained of her adventuring attire still protecting the pale Witch's body. Skipping for desperate, needy little breaths of air. The display was.. erotic. There really was no other way to describe it. To see someone in a state of intense pleasure, heat almost. Like an animal. 
For his part, Adrian had never really felt *attracted* to Penelope, she was pretty - sure, but he'd never before considered wanting to-.. 

Something grabbed the tip of his wand, yanking it out of his hand and momentarily causing complete darkness again. Until the wand was carelessly thrown some distance away where it continued to pulse a weak light. 
The Wizard tentatively glanced up - Whatever creature had discarded it was.. huge. Despite a vaguely humanoid outline, it was clearly not a *person* he quickly deducted. Noting the hulking, almost grotesquely muscular frame. Adrian would've guessed a Troll or Ogre at first.. but neither of those had long and thick, white hair. Nor two viscious horns adoring the head, not to mention that.. face? Mask? 

The comparatively tiny wizard croaked out a shaky: "M-Matthias?" He immediately felt stupid the moment the name left the tip of his tongue. Clearly it wasn't one of the students, the mask wasn't even the typical theatrical one their fellow Guildmate often wore.  Not to mention he'd seen him off just a short while ago. No it looked.. Evil. A pair of crooked fangs extending out and up among otherwise normal - but sharpened teeth. Black pits for eyes with the exception of small, red orbs in the very center. And finally another.. eye? It was placed above the other two, basically on the forehead. It was also the only one which moved at all, soon locking it's gaze on the frightened boy. That same heat which had overwhelmed Penny earlier claimed the defenseless Wizard, and he soon fell under the same trance.


Oni. Eastern Demons spoken oft about in Japanese myth and legend. Not always malevolent.. but rarely without suspect motives. How this one had found itself imprisoned and shipped half-way around the world to end up fading away in some run-down Scottish ruin was likely a story they'd never learn. Alas, the spirit was here.. and it was.. hungry. Hungry for vengeance, hungry for.. Penny. 

Adrian's eyes slowly blinked open. He wasn't sure how much time had passed or what had happened while he'd been stuck in the same trance-like state as the Ravenclaw Witch, but what he *was* sure about was a searing, hot **need**. His robes had already been discarded it seemed, in fact he noticed a lot of clothing on the floor.. Carelessly pulled off and strewn about. Had it not been for the unnatural warmth coursing through his body the chilly temperature in the storage room would've been unpleasant to his naked form, but now.. it felt soothing.

"F-Fuck! **Fuck!** Nnhh~..." It was Penelope's voice, *that sweet, hot voice..* 
Adrian rubbed his eyes. The haze wouldn't go away, unbeknownst to him a sideeffect of the spell they were under. He followed her voice, and soon.. her scent. The room was thick with the smell of arousal, sweat and raw, filthy sex.. Adrian stumbled down on all fours, finding the floor closer to the source of those heavenly moans covered in a sticky, hot substance. *Cum.. Yes, cum..* an inhuman amount of virile seed scattered in small pools atop the floorboards. Adrian slowly lolled his tongue out and sampled it, he wasn't sure why but it just felt.. right. Every bit of movement guided by an unseen force that rewarded him with intense pleasure whenever he 'obeyed' those wordless commands. 
The taste was just as unnatural as that Demon he'd seen, it wasn't salty, nor sweet.. Instead it just left a light burning sensation in his mouth - and throat, he swallowed it dutifully of course and continued to crawl. 


A little while earlier, Penelope had been drawn up in to the lap of that massive creature while Adrian still lay faded on the floor. Placed with a leg on either side of the creature's huge, muscular thigh - she was just as delirious, naked, and.. *horny* - if not more so, as the Oni focused it's potent magic on the Ravenclaw girl. 
"P-Please.. what-.. do you-..." Her soft pleas finally elicited what might pass as a verbal response from the spirit. In the form of a low, ethereal grunt. Her next words were silenced by a thick finger pushing past those soft lips. The girth of the single digit more than enough to rival a human's erect cock. It plunged deep, easily bullying Penny's tongue out of the way before pressing down the girl's instinctively tightening throat. Perhaps it was unintentional, perhaps not - but the Oni fingerfucked the copper-haired Witch's maw to the point where she began to fade from lack of air, whereupon the creature finally retracted the large and wet digit. Her drool clung in thick strands to the length and the Oni turned it vertically to watch with mild curiosity as Penny's saliva slowly trailed down the dark, crimson skin. He unceremoniously wiped it off on the girl's chest and simply leaned back a bit to.. observe. Penelope was grinding herself against his massive thigh. The swollen lips of an eager, sopping pussy drawing out what pleasure it could from the repeated friction. Desperately rubbing against the hardened muscle which pressed up tight and firm in to the sensitive folds. 

".. W-What did-.. Y-You do to me.. Mmh!" 

The Demon seemed amused, masked head tilting a bit as it looked down on the pitiful human. He liked to leave them just aware enough to know *something* had been done, but never with enough free will to resist. Some, he found - would even willingly submit themselves to him. The Oni tensed up the powerful muscles in his leg and bounced Penny once. The sudden, increased stimulation fetching a wanton moan from the Witch. 
"I-I.. Can't~..." Her hands darted towards that towering, monstrous creature. Trying to find something to hold on to. But it was all just.. muscle. She couldn't even dent the deep red skin no matter how hard she pressed against him. Eventually Penny's roaming hands were collected in to his palm and the Oni lifted the little Witch one-handed up and off of his now soaked thigh. She was held suspended mid-air in front of him, masked face curiously inspecting the naked, shivering body, almost like it was evaluating her for something. 

"Please... **Please!**" She pleaded, searching for a pair of eyes to lock on to, but the masked creature paid her no mind, instead it used the free hand to prod at her abdomen. It was.. invasive, Penny could feel the magic affecting her, like rods of heat were embedded in to her womb. She had no idea what it did but-.. the sinking feeling that this brute was going to attempt to breed her was becoming all the more apparent. Especially as the loincloth the Demon wore was pushed aside to reveal it's massive, eager cock. 
If the Oni itself was grotesquely monstrous, it carried an appendage to match. Now fully erect with an inch or so of ribbed section near the center where it tapered off ever so slightly. The lower half of the girthy shaft thicker than the rest. 
*This.. thing..* It wasn't meant to be put in to a human, let alone seed one. Penny shivered at the thought and thighs instinctively and protectively clamped together for a second, only for the exotic magic to once again kick in. Eyes rolled up in to her skull and the girl's legs went completely rigid as a gush of arousal splattered the inside of her already slick thighs. After which they relaxed and hung limp in the air again.
That **need** had returned, but this time it was.. different. This time whatever clouded the Witch's judgement *demanded* she take that cock, and she found herself wordlessly in agreement after triggering what she could only assume was a mini-orgasm. It was so difficult to tell, nothing mattered but cock.. Big.. Fat.. Demon Cock.

Again she pleaded, but this time they both knew what for. "**P-Please~**..." A moment later Penny was lowered on the Oni's wide lap, the first initial contact they made being the broad tip of it's cock brushing against one of her thighs. A continuous stream of that viscious, potent.. *and absolutely perfect* seed leaking from the swollen tip. The mind-broken Witch couldn't wait to recieve such a gift..
Magic played the important role for penetrating the much-too-small human's soaked cunt. Whatever had been imbued in to Penny's body a moment ago seemed to ease most discomfort from the stretch.. and soon her needy pussy enveloped the fat cockhead. She clamped down on him to pause and let her enjoy the sensation.. but ultimately she was in no position to dictate the pace. With one massive hand gripping the girl's waist, and the other her shoulder - Penny was slowly pressed down the length of the shaft. Already turned in to no more than a fucksleeve for the Oni's wicked plans. 

"G-Guh~.. ugh~.. ffhnnn~..." Drool escaped the corner of the little Ravenclaw's mouth as she reached the half-way mark where the girth thickened. It already produced an obscene bulge in her otherwise smooth abdomen. With eyes rolling downwards to spot the bump in her skin a toe-curling shiver struck her body. Followed by another release of slick arousal which somehow struggled out past the tight seal of her lower lips. If only he would stop.. stop and let her just-.. The Oni stood up, taking his sleeve with him. It was no trouble keeping Penny suspended from his crotch. One of the monstrous hands slid from the girl's shoulder to her head, enveloping the scalp in that broad, inhuman palm. She really was no more than a toy at that stage, an enchanted fucktoy about to be stretched, pounded and seeded until the Oni was satisfied. 

That's how Adrian finally found them a while later, Penelope firmly slammed from behind with wet, meaty thrusts while suspended from the Demon's crotch. She'd already taken several hefty loads of unnatural cum and the overwhelming sensations of repeated orgasms left her a moaning, drooling wreck. "Penny~.." Adrian cooed softly, staggering to his feet among the pools of hot Demon seed, mixed with the clear fluids of the Ravenclaw's many orgasms. 
She couldn't really respond, but they finally locked eyes on each other. The boy's hands found her rose-tinted cheeks.. and at first it seemed as though he was simply going to comfort her through the ordeal, thumbs gently caressing the skin while the Oni continued to bounce her with ceaseless stamina on it's huge cock. 
Penny tried to offer a drunken smile, but Adrian surprised her when the hands slid further up to the back of the Witch's head which had been released by their new (albeit temporary) Master some time ago. Eager fingers found her messy tresses, strands of hair stiffened from all the cum that'd soaked in to the copper-tinted locks. The spell-bound Wizard urged her head downwards and suddenly Penny's nose pressed against Adrian's toned abdomen as he clumsily tried to aim his own aching cock to her parted lips. With a satisfied groan he finally found his mark. 
Double-teaming his Guildmistress with a Demon. It's a good thing Adrian's addled mind couldn't quite process the situation. Instead the trio were all focused on the sensations. The two students on their intense pleasure, the Oni on ideas of spreading his kind to this part of the world. Whether it would come to fruition through Penny remained to be seen..


It had to have been an hour later at least, the binding magic on the pair was fading, but they were still at it. The Oni had sat back on it's haunches and grabbed Penny by the ankles to raise and spread her legs. It's immense cock was deep in her now stretched, tender ass while Adrian thrust away in her agape and completely cum-soaked pussy. Normally the void left by the Demon's cock would've meant neither of the two students able to really feel any stimulation when Adrian's smaller cock entered, but because the Oni now occupied Penny's other hole - they all enjoyed the tightness of an overstuffed, eager Witch. Though frankly their feeble human strength - even enhanced by such magicks - was starting to show through their sluggish, sleepy movements and soft mewls. 

She could feel he was close again "I-Inside~.. Adrian~.." Penny gently demanded, the boy busy leaving fading marks on her neck with his teeth. He obliged a moment later with a moan and sank as deep as he could. All the cum he displaced immediately squirting out over the Slytherin's and Ravenclaw's shaking thighs. His sack tightened once.. twice, then finally the twitching, sensititve tip erupted. Ropes of warm cum mixing with the unnatural seed already occupying the space. Their sweaty bodies pressed tight against one another as the Oni followed suit, but unlike the two students it made no sound, seeming unphased by yet another unnaturally large load of seed being released.

A while later, once the insanty had finally ended with the two utterly spent expeditionary members passed out together atop some of their discarded clothes - The Oni Demon unceremoniously departed the enchanted storage room. Leaving behind it's now inert prison for them to.. do whatever they wanted with, really. Pawn it off to some collector, or keep as a memento. They'd likely never see the spirit again after all.