*Farvad signs another letter, places it in an envelop, and presses his lion signet ring into the hot wax, sealing it securely. An aide promptly steps forward to collect it. His movement precise, quick, and no nonsense his cloak blowing in the cold wind of the night. Without looking up, the Captain-Commander turns his focus to the maps strewn across the table, lit dimly by a few yellow candles.* 
That will be all soldier, send them out immediately. We break camp come sun rise.
***

# Letters sent by Farvad Torn

!!!note  Endehm 
Lord Endehm, 

I write to you from the road, I have called my banners and am moving East. My men have brought word that a *Cobra King*, is spreading fear, death, and destruction amongst the countryside. I know not your intent in these trying times, part of me fears you will digress from the path you now tread seeing the great opportunity that is preset before us.  I pray to every god that will hear me, and more-so I beseech you to aid me in meeting this foe in battle.  Then should we be blessed with victory, to remain with me in my search for our next Emperor.

If for whatever reason, you cannot or will not, then I implore you to remain in Hammerfell and lead your men in the defense of our people should these petty war lords seek to bring fire and steel to our people. My duty draws me elsewhere.

With trust,

~ Captain-Commander Farvad Torn

> If you have a title or some manner that you ought to be referred to with legitimacy let me know. 
***
!!!note  General Caligate 

Sir,

I will not waste time with pleasantries in these trying times. My scouts have reported two considerable threats to the stability of the realm. I have mobilised the 13th legion and am moving East. An orc warlord by the name of Ruga, or Rugan, or Rubarb (accounts vary) has raised an army and has set himself on a path of calamity. Further, a mysterious *Cobra King* has begun a reign of terror throughout the countryside. 

I implore you to raise your banners and move to interdict one of these two mighty foes.  It is of vital importance that we keep Imperial communication lines open, and can work towards the reestablishment of Imperial Authority for the good of our people and our nation.

Long live the Empire!

Authentication Code: Ash'abah Fang

~ Captain-Commander Farvad Torn
***
!!!note  Nishtar

Sister Nishtar,

I hope this letter finds you well. We find ourselves in a most calamitous time. Ill winds and poor tidings abound, as such my heart is warmed by your commitment to our people and our land.

My scouts bring me reports of several great threats that have risen up, seemingly overnight and I would gladly fight besides you against these foes.

It is not becoming a soldier, no more a man, to conceal his intent from a friend. Your claim to the Imperial Throne is weak, and whilst more legitimate claimants still draw breath I cannot swear my sword to you. Instead, I would ask: why seek such a fate? If it is gold that motivates you I think it is a safe claim to say our new Emperor will reward you handsomely. If it's lands, titles, or fame all of this can be a just reward for honored service to the Throne.

My plans are not yet set, but I intend to march upon the Snake lord as soon as my troops are ready.

May you always find shade,

Your friend,

~ F Torn.
***
!!!note Atrael 

Good Sapiarch, 

My legion is moving East.  I have recalled my scouts who were in search of an inheritor we can support as more immediate issues have arisen. If you are mobilizing, troops please inform me or my aides at your soonest convenience so we can better coordinate our efforts.  You mentioned Dances-With-Rain in your last correspondence, but my informants have not returned reports towards their movements, profile, nor threat. 

I have sent letters to local garrison commanders and regional commanders in an attempt to rally a force capable of meeting these emerging threats, and have had a number of Argonian and Bosmer troops join my forces.

As always, your faithful friend,

~ F Torn.
***