Hm? Oh sure, it's pretty nice being carried like a princess, like she is just married and about to get her deflowering. I'm actually pretty good at deflowering, bought plenty of potted plants in my lifetime and even helped out with gardens, planting and watering and stuff, but never got the hang with flowers. So I just buy them you know? Especially roses because they're really...hey, if I'm on all fours like this it's called doggystyle right?

I'm no Chihuahua or Fuwawa, but I guess it's fine. When you're wet enough nothing's to tough, as they say. Well really that's just me saying that, I made that up just now. But here's something I read in a romance novel, "gimme them lust thrusts"...yeah, kind of like that. Wait, I thought of a better one: If I'm a doggy, you better give me a good...bone! Hehe...why do dogs actually eat bones, actually? I guess the marrow in them is pretty nutritious, but it tastes really weird. How do I know? Hey, don't worry about it!

You seem like a decent canoodler, just saying. Not trying to change the topic or anything. Pretty impressive for someone with no experience, so who needs skill when you have passio- oh no I didn't mean that in a mean way. Nothing wrong with being inexperienced, right? It's always fun for me, a man really going at it to make himself happy while I talk his ears off. While you pump inside me I'm pumped to give you some experience...give you a level up, you know? Nice angle by the way, keep using that, a bit faster and harder maybe. So yeah, you'll level up from the experience and get a...hoho, get a +1 in the Fuck stat. Like Luck in Fire Emblem except with an F, get it? Sorry, couldn't help myself.

Anyway, you know Dimitri from Fire Emblem? I really love that one fanart I showed you earlier, not just because of his muscles and expression but also because the rose in his mouth is really...what do you mean? Oh no I'm not bored with you, I kind of always think of Dimitri while fucking to be honest, he really makes my slit spit if you know what I'm saying. He's so courteous and cool before the timeskip, so no offense but if I imagine that your dick was his dick that's a bit more fun.

You can't do his voice, right? Might be a bit cringe anywa...ah, you're cumming already? Oh yeah I can feel your Falchion having those cute little spasms...tip from the pro though, keep thrusting cuz it'll pay off. Man, you sound like my cousin when he cums! Oh haha, no it's not like that. I wasn't in the room you know, they just have thin walls there and when I was visiting he'd always jack off in the room next to mine, probably to some animated girls dancing naked and getting fucked. Went through his browser history once, yeah he was dumb and didn't delete it or used private mode, funny for me though. Anyway, he went full turbo jacker in his creaky chair and made a noise like ooaaahh, like you just did.

It's not bad though, shows I made my big man here happy, right...oh wow, you might be a bit of a quick shooter still but you've got some high caliber ammo, if you can say it like that. Look at all that jizz leaking back out, the big sperm army in full retreat. But hey, glad you had some nice minutes, I'm not really close to an orgasm, but that's not your fault at all, yeah it'd be unfair to expect that from yourself. Even if a guy kept going for like 20 minutes I'd probably just get kinda bored, to be honest.
I'm just hard to please and stuff...didn't bring my vibrator that I've gotten used to, it's really crazy. I also get my finger up in there and give my abcdefg spot the ol' spinaround, as I call it, but the vibrator is the actual MVP. It makes the Play of the Game, lands the critical hit, gives my clit a vibe check, if you comprehend what I'm imply...eh, too much. I can't stop talking sometimes, you know? Okay, maybe most of the time. But just when I'm with a fun person like you, so feel honored okay?

Oh sure, I'll bring the vibrator tomorrow so you can test it out for yourself...I mean on me of course, though maybe it could be, heh, be the buzzer on your jizz show? Come on, it'd be funny...I'll make your cock crow with my mouth afterwards if you try it, that'll motivate you while you go all out to get me off. Sorry for the flowery language by the way, I've just been reading a lot of out stuff like that lately. I'm actually not that great with flowers, even though I bought plenty of potted plants in my lifetime and even helped out with gardens, planting and watering and stuff, but never got the hang with flowers. So I just buy them you know? Especially roses because they're really...oh, I said that already? Haha nevermind, guess it's stuck in my brain for some reason.