Continuation of [The First Test - Miki Wasn't Invited](https://controlc.com/d8ac90d9)

#Fluegel's Day Off

Miki walked down the sidewalk in a slouch, dragging her wings on the ground behind her. 
“Always tired… so boring… stupid city…” She mumbled to herself in a low, annoyed tone, kicking a little coin on the ground that promptly sprouted wings and flew off.

“You dare challenge me?!”

When suddenly a large shadow fell over her of an imposing figure striking a heroic pose. 
“I see, you stand your ground, impressive. You might have a chance at defeating me, but you will never…” The voice boomed as Miki turned her head and her wings started to lift. The man before her was of a muscular build and wore a blue and yellow costume. The center of his chest was crested with undefinable black dots and the symbol of a hotdog?
“...beat the price of the 2 for 1 heroic hotdog launch special at On-Ion’s Hotdog Diner! Will you take on the challenge of the Hotdog Hero: On-Ion? Only one lunch special per customer, drinks not included.” The voice box in the chest of the hard plastic statue finished with a slightly scratchy undertone.  

Normally she would’ve destroyed that thing and the restaurant, but it wasn’t worth it. Her heart just wasn’t in it today.

“O-okay, here is your order… m-ma’am. And have a h-heroic day.” The pimply teenager behind the counter stuttered, putting down a tray with two hotdogs and a cup of soda with a straw.
Miki absentmindedly pushed some coins over the counter using her oversized gauntlet claws, before the teenager shakingly pointed over at the sign for the launch special, causing her to let out a grumbling sigh and search her pockets for more change. Luckily the coin from earlier came flying right in and landed on the counter next to the others. 

Then she sat down with her food at one of the booths next to the window.
After loudly slurping a bit of soda through the straw, she tilted her head, thinking: “I wonder what the other villains are doing. Probably crime-things. …Wait, but why didn’t they invite Fluegel? Is it because Flue doesn’t have a phone?”

“Hands up! Nobody move! Put the money in the bag if you don’t want things to get dicey!”

“Oh, is it because Fluegel is a hero now?” She nodded to herself with a knowing smile, understanding absolutely nothing. “They are probably scared even, because Flue-flue is the greatest hero there is.”

“Hurry it up, we don’t have all day! What, you think your Hotdog Hero is gonna swoop in and save you before I lop off your donkey ears with these?”

Miki took a big bite out of one of her hotdogs, chewing it, while tilting her head now to the other side. “Maybe I should let them know that I can still do crime and things sometimes, because Flue is a cool hero like that.” 

“Hey, I said do-URRGH!”

When Miki came back from her sleep-deprived thought-ramblings she found her long black claws buried deep in a masked man’s chest, whose own knife-hands paled in comparison, unable to reach her with his last desperate attempts and not even leaving a scratch on her gauntlet. The mask around the man’s face started soaking with his own blood as he let out unsettling, wet gurgling noises. 
All the while Miki looked over to the clearly disturbed teenager behind the counter and gave a tired smile. “Don’t worry, Fluegel is a hero right now.”

Shortly afterwards his body came crashing through the window of the diner, tumbling lifelessly over the Hotdog Hero statue, taking it down with him.
The other two criminals tried to run, but the moment they stepped outside the door, they lost the ground beneath their feet as their newly grown wings started carrying up and up into the sky, never to be seen again.