The young Hufflepuff was brewing her potion in the corner of the room, her thoughts constantly wandering off, dwelling on her lover. At first, she was cautious, thinking he was just toying with her, after all, why would a wizard of his status want a girl like her? She didn't get much praise before she met him, so feeling insecure about her worth was understandable. He however helped her regain some self-worth and helped her overcome her self-hatred. Never in her wildest dreams did she think their relationship would get this far. The laughs and good memories they shared, the things they experienced, all they've been through, the fun they had, and the things he did to her. Her cheeks turned red and she rubbed her thighs together as she thought about this last part. Oh, the things he did to her. Now that her last class ended for the day, it was time for her to decide what to do in the afternoon. As she walked down in an empty corridor she contemplated her options. She could visit the magical beasts they're studying, she's fond of anything fluffy and cuddly after all. She could also study in the library, gather ingredients, or-
'How have you been? I missed you.' 
Her mouth curled into a smile, a tear appeared in her left eye as she turned toward her beloved. There he was, the boy she didn't see the whole week due to all the time he had to spend studying. She took a good look at his tall frame, his stylish hair, and his beautiful eyes she could get lost in, as she took in the smell of his expensive perfume that betrayed his status. He put his gloved hands on her waist and pulled her into a hug. 
'Come here my cute little badger!'
 Hearing this pet name her cheeks turned red, as she tried to cover her face with her tiny hands while the wizard continued.
'Cute, kind, loving, witty, smart, and beautiful. I wonder how many boys had their eyes on you when I wasn't there, but they are late, aren't they? You already belong to someone.' he teased the girl with a small grin.
 The little witch already embarrassed, only nodded as she buried her face into his robes. He gently held her chin as he traced her lips with his finger.
'These kissable and tender lips are mine.' he moved his hand to her hair.
'This beautiful hair is mine.' he moved his hand again, now holding hers.
'These soft and adorable hands are also mine.' he moved his hand again one last time and rested it on her back.
'You are mine. In fact, we have our little secret, to prove it, don't we?'
The girl finally spoke. It was a weak and quiet whisper, but for him, it was enough.
'Yes, we do.'
'Show me.' The girl's eyes widened in shock. Wait, right now, he can't be serious.
'What if someone sees us?' her voice turned from meek to a loud whisper.
'Then they will know that you belong to me forever.'
Her shaky hands unbuttoned her robe. She lifted her shirt and pulled her skirt down slightly to reveal a symbol on the lower part of her belly. She would never admit it, but the thought of showing the symbol he marked her with excited her. He gently moved his hand to the mark, as he touched it with but a single finger. She closed her legs tightly and hunched slightly forward, her face turned red, as her breathing became heavy feeling a foamy heat rise in her womb. There was no magic involved, not this time, it was just a subconscious reaction. The young Slytherin had taken her many times, you see, he had shown her pleasures she couldn't even dream of before, and every time the boy took her, he kept caressing, touching, and fondling the spot with the tattoo. With time, touching that spot became intertwined with the concept of sex in the girl's mind, to the point where a single touch from him makes her body crave and yearn more. She stood there, eyes glossy with pleasure, expectantly rubbing her thighs together, ready to be taken. The wizard certainly liked the way she reacted.
 'You've become such a good girl.' The words "good girl" sent a wave of feelings down her spine right into her core as she slightly trembled in pleasure before he gently took her hand. 'I know just the place for you.'
He lead her through hallways and corridors until they reached a wall. The wall suddenly started to shift and change as a door appeared on it.
'Welcome to the Room of Requirement. It's my little retreat where I can study in peace. It appears for those in need.' 
She felt a great need, that was certain. She hastily opened the door and got inside. To her surprise, the white walls of the room were covered with red silk, the floor with a sort of carpet, and in the middle, there was a table and a king-size bed. The boy escorted her to the bed, and after planting a kiss on her lips, he spoke.
'You know what to do.' That she did. Even after so many times, she was still a bit red as she reached down, removing her shoes, her long shocks, her skirt, and her panties, and then she stopped. She knew how much he enjoys taking the rest off himself, and though she'd die from embarrassment if she had to admit, she secretly enjoyed the hungry look in his eyes as he stripped her naked. He first removed her oversized robe and put it on the table. Next was her tie, her shirt, and her bra. As she sat there on the bed, exposed, the smirking Slytherin removed his classy gloves as he took the beautiful sight in. He offered her a single finger, and once again, she knew what to do. She opened her mouth and stuck her tongue out, kissing and licking his finger. After a minute or so when she really started getting into it, he pulled his finger away and instructed her to lie down and close her eyes. She did as he asked, rubbing her thighs around her wet womanhood, excited about what comes next. The boy produced some water in his hand with Aguamenti and froze it into a little chunk of ice with Glacius. He breathed on the ice chunk, making moisture appear on its surface, before licking it a few times. He sat down next to the girl, still fully clothed, resting a palm on the symbol before circling his finger on it. The waiting and anticipation became almost unbearable when suddenly she felt something cold touch her just above her nave. The girl let out yelps gasps and whimpers one after another gripping the sheet from this new pleasure she never knew before. The wizard traced and slid the wet ice chunk through her body. around her navel, along the line of her collarbone, and all over her neck, before circling it on her breasts ever closer to her nipple, before finally touching it. Repeat. By the time the ice melted, a single touch between her legs was enough to send her over the edge. Her whole body shook uncontrollably, she gripped the sheets forcefully and her toes curled, as she reached climax. She was doing her best to catch her breath after one of the most intense orgasms she ever had, for she saw her lover disrobing and knew, this was only the beginning.