#Kaylee's Answers to Rosethorn's Icebreaker Questionnaire 
>Question one: Do you look up to any Pro Heroes? What about them seems like a shining example of a hero to you? If you find them lacking, what do you think they should do different?
My personal top hero is the US number 1, Cathleen Bate (Star and Stripe). She has the power and mindset that seems the most heroic in my mind. For heroes in this country, I like Yu Takeyama (Mt. Lady) and Rumi Usagiyama (Mirko), though all of the top 10 are worthy of respect, especially Enji Todoroki (Endeavor) who has earned the No. 1 position.
To me, what a hero has to be, before anything, is strong. If they are not strong, then what separates them from those they are protecting? Notions of a heroic spirit being all that is required seem foolish, as what heroic spirit does not result in a heroic strength? A strong mind is of course needed, but if it is not externally reflected, then it seems doubtful that the mindset is there to begin with.

>Question two: You all have somewhat of an idea about your classmate’s quirks from seeing them in action, working together, or just speaking. What are some nuances to your quirk you think others should know? The most important part of teaming up with another hero is knowing the strengths and limitations of each other’s quirks, so describe yours.
I guess the main thing to note is that my quirk is always active, it’s not toggled or activated or triggered or anything like that. The big risk I’ve found is that if I’m not careful, I can easily cause too much damage or break stuff. I’ve trained a lot to avoid it, but I know that I can get too into the moment when fighting, and when that happens, I can go too far.
Other than that, I’m super strong and super tough, and can channel the latent energy (better known as Ki) in my body for all kinds of things. I can use it to fly (hence my Hero name!), fire projectiles, enhance my physical abilities, and probably a bunch of other uses that I have yet to learn.

>Question three: What role do you find yourself most suited for? Offense and directly fighting or assisting others in fighting villains? Defense and being able to protect civilians while doing battle with a villain? Rescue where you can assist those who have been hurt or trapped and need help getting to a safe location? Support where you mostly just assist other heroes before or after they go into the field? Social work where you work on detaining a villain without resorting to violence and destruction simply talking them down? Recon work where you gather information and scout threats without necessarily wanting to step into the limelight yourself? The generalist who can do it all thanks to their quirks broad uses?
Offense, no doubt. I can do defensive stuff by acting as a shield, and rescue work by lifting stuff out of the way, but that’s secondary. I’m best at fighting, and I’m always getting better! I’m probably a liability for social work and recon, as with my height I’m not a good fit for stealth or social work!

>Question four: Which of your fellow students do you think you could work together with the best? Who do you want to get to know and haven’t had the chance?
There’s a lot of easy combinations! Jugo is probably the most obvious, as he’s also a Ki user and we’ve trained together already. Sora has his gravity, so I’ve thought of a combo where I hit them, and he brings them back! (I guess Hailey could also do this, but…). Bobby, Shinkan, and I could work as a triple team that could take down anyone. If Hifumi improves his quirk we could work as a team where I’m the power and he’s the mobility, if he can’t then he could still run distraction. Chihiro could help me with training, letting me skip how long it takes me to get to the gainful exercising. Yui could hold enemies in place while I beat them up. Imai could help me with my battle rage, helping me keep in control. These are just a few!

>The final question: What sort of hobbies do you enjoy when you aren't working on schoolwork or training? Afterall this is the biggest part of developing a social connection to your fellow students. Maybe you'll turn out to have enough people to form a book club, or a anime watch party or other social gathering. What are your favorite things to do?
I enjoy training! Fighting, exercising, breaking my limits, I love it! I don’t get the appeal of books or movies or TV shows; why watch when you can do? I guess I also like eating, but I’m not any good at cooking, so a cooking club wouldn’t have much success. I’ve been playing chess against Christopher for a while now, and while I don’t really enjoy the game (at least the way he does), I think it’s helped me with logical thinking. I know Bobby and Shinkan regularly spar, maybe I could try joining in.