###ELYSIAN REALM V6.8 V2
Translation by Mori

Herrscher of Rebirth: https://rentry.co/horb
HoRB Gears: https://rentry.co/horbgear
Bunny ELF: https://rentry.co/bunnyelf
ER: https://rentry.co/er68

---

**DEFAULT ENEMY**
- Huodou, Heimdal, Husk Existantialism

**STAGE EFFECT 1**
- Shop purchase and upgrade have 20% discount. Enemy base HP +5%, after a battle ends, non-IMG enemy HP +2%, IMG enemy HP +0.8%
- When there are no self-generated summoned entity on the field, enemies gain 30% Total DMG resistance 
- If floor number is odd number, enemies take 12% Physical DMG. If floor number is even, valk Physical DMG +20%. On floor 8, 12, 17 and 18, both effects are active.
- When valk deals Crit DMG, valk Total DMG +1.5%, if an attack doesn't crit, reduce the effect by 1%. Max 30% additional Total DMG.
- Infinity and Helix +2

**STAGE EFFECT 2**
- Shop purchase and upgrade have 20% discount. Enemy base HP +5%, after a battle ends, non-IMG enemy HP +2%, IMG enemy HP +0.8%
- Enemies have 30% Total DMG resistance. When valk deals Physical or Ice DMG, this effect is removed for 5s, can be refreshed.
- When a user summoned entity is present, valk Physical DMG +20%
- When an enemy receive Crit DMG, valk melee Physical and Elemental DMG +20% for 10s, can be refreshed.
- Decimation and Gold +2

**LOAD BUFF 1 and 2**
- 0: F17 boss replaced with RPC-6626 with Physical vulnerability shield
- 5: Valk max sp +30
- 5: When an enemy is hurt by weapon active dmg, the target takes 5% more Total DMG for 5s, can be refreshed
- 10: After triggering evasion skill, valk Physical and Elemental DMG +15% for 8s, can be refreshed
- 10: Against weaker type enemies, valk Total DMG +20%
- 15: Valks using fist, javelins, scythes or pistols gain Elemental Breach +20% and Physical Breach +50%
- 15: When valk Combo ATK hits an enemy, the target takes 30% more Total DMG for 15s, can be refreshed

---

**HERRSCHER OF REBIRTH**

bold = new v3 changes

PASSIVE 
- Default form is locked to Soul Crafting ~~Form, max HP +1200.~~ When Herrscher of Rebirth triggers passive subskill 2 (When Herrscher of Rebirth triggers Global Time Fracture, if her SP is below 120, it is then increased to 120 SP) , if sp < 175, then increased to 175.  
- Passive subskill 2 and 3 ignore initial form restriction, both are active at the same time.
- When using **Combo ATK or** Joint Combo, it counts as re-summoning summoned entity. In Soul Crafting Form, Combo subskill 3 effect (When Joint Combo hits an enemy, or when you use Weapon chain, enemy will be impaired, def reduced by 50%, if the enemy has [Withering Gap], def reduction increased to 75% ) will trigger immediately on cast
- **Soul Crafting Form: Combo ATK, Joint Combo, and final hit of Basic ATK will not recover Herrscher energy.**
- Ult adjustment: Greatly increase domain expansion ult duration when transforming to Life Ending Form. In Soul Crafting form, when attacking an enemy with Withering Gap, valk Crit Rate +40%
- Ult adjustment: When valk switches form for the first time, activate time stop effect. 

SIGNET 1
In Soul Crafting Form, when Joint Combo hits an enemy, deal additional ~~800%~~ 250% ATK Physical DMG. When combo hit reaches a multiple of 50, enemies take ~~25%~~ 15% more Total DMG for ~~8s~~ **5s**, can be refreshed. 
In Life Ending Form, ~~Joint Combo~~ **Ultimate** final hit deal additional ~~2000%~~ ~~1600%~~ **1700%** ATK Physical DMG.

SIGNET 2
In Life Ending Form, ~~Joint ATK Physical DMG +90%~~ Joint Weapon pulls enemies and each hit deal additional 50% ATK Physical DMG, gain extra 20 Herrscher energy when Joint Weapon hits an enemy (CD: 0.5s). When Horb uses Joint Combo, weapon cd ~~-10s~~ -15s (trigger cd: 1s) ~~and gain 900 hp.~~

SIGNET 3
In Life Ending Form, ~~Combo ATK and Joint Combo Total DMG +35%~~ Combo ATK and Joint Combo deal additional ~~150%~~ **350%** ATK Physical DMG , and the enemies hit take ~~25%~~ ~~10%~~ **40%**  more Total DMG for ~~5s~~ 8s. **When Joint Combo hits an enemy, HoRB restore 900 HP (CD: 5s).** Non ultimate evasion will also trigger evasion skill.

SIGNET 4
In Soul Crafting Form, ~~Physical DMG +70%.~~ Hold ATK button to continuously fire Basic ATK SEQ 4 shots, deal additional ~~50%~~ ~~120%~~ **60%** ATK Physical DMG per hit, **and HoRB sp recovery is reduced during this attack**. Final hit of Joint Combo deal additional ~~400%~~ **600%** ATK Physical DMG

SIGNET 5
In Soul Crafting Form, if sp > 40, Joint Combo consume 40 sp to gain Total DMG ~~+45%~~ **+30%**. During Basic ATK sequence, Basic ATK final hit restore 900 HP and give 50 extra combo, recover 50 sp and briefly pulls enemies (CD: 1s)