###ELYSIAN REALM V6.9 v3
Translation by Mori

- Patch Note: https://rentry.co/69log
- Sirin Skill: https://rentry.co/sirinmmg
- Sirin Gears: https://rentry.co/siringears
- Elysian Realm https://rentry.co/er69

---
**Stage Effect 1**
- All valkyries start with 2 Ego signets. At the end of each battle, enemy's max HP +8%, max 40%, IMG enemies are not affected.
- Enemies have 30% Total DMG resistance. Effect is disabled after taking Crit DMG or Ignite DMG. (independent multiplier)
- When enemies are ignited, frozen, or impaired, they take 15% more Total DMG for 10s, can be refreshed.
- When the target takes dmg from weapon active, it takes 25% more Ignite DMG (independent multiplier) for 10 seconds. When there is a self-generated summoned entity on the field, valk gain Physical DMG +20%
- ~~Gold~~ Stars and Helix base signet +2 level

**Load 1**
0 - F17 replaced with Andrius with Fire vulnerable shield
5 - Valk max sp +30
5 - When user-generated summoned entity hits an enemy, valk gain Total DMG +10% for 10s, can be refreshed.
10 - When valk Combo ATK hits an enemy, the enemy takes 15% more Total DMG for 10s, can be refreshed.
10 - When valkyries on the field have different types, Physical and Elemental DMG +8%
15 - Valks with javelin,chakram,scythe,guns gain 20% Elemental Breach and 50% Physical Breach.
15 - When the enemy is ignited, take 20% more Total DMG, and +1% more for each additional ignite stack, max 10%

---

**Stage Effect 2**
- When the target is ignited, frozen, stunned, paralyzed, impaired, or die, get 5 silver coins, can trigger 6 times on each floor. When you deal dmg, get 10 combo, CD 2s. Enemy's base HP +5%. At the end of battle, non-IMG enemy HP +2%, IMG enemy HP +0.8%.
- Enemies have 30% Total DMG resistance. Effect is disabled after taking Crit DMG or Ignite DMG. (independent multiplier)
- When you deal Ignite DMG, get 10 combo, CD:0.5, every 150 combo gives you Total DMG +20% for 10s, can be refreshed.
- When the target takes dmg from weapon active, it takes 25% more Ignite DMG (independent multiplier) for 10 seconds. When there is a self-generated summoned entity on the field, valk gain Physical DMG +20%
- Bodhi and ~~Vicissitude~~ Setsuna base signet +2 level

**Load 2**
0 - F17 replaced with Andrius with Fire vulnerable shield
5 - Valk max HP +200
5 - When valk and target have the same type, Total DMG +10%
10 - When the enemy is ignited, frozen or impaired, valk gain Total DMG +15% for 10s, can be refreshed.
10 - For every 60 combo, enemies on the field take 3% more Total DMG, max 15%, resets after battle ends.
15 - Valks with javelin,chakram,scythe,guns gain 20% Elemental Breach and 50% Physical Breach.
15 - When enemy takes weapon dmg, it takes 25% more Total DMG for 5s, can be refreshed.

---

**SIRIN**

PASSIVE
- Dmg taken -30%
- When you defeat an enemy or when you hit an ignited enemy with Judgement or Split, get 3 stacks of Sparkle. When you use support skill for the first time in battle, gain 2 Sparkle stacks. Stack CD 0.2s, max 10 stacks.
~~Each stack gives Fire DMG +2%, max 10 stacks.~~ 
When reaching max Sparkle, you enter Iron Body state. When attacked, reduce 1 stack, but you remain in Iron Body state for 3 seconds.
- When weapon skill hits, restore HP = 60 x Sparkle stack, CD: 5s
- You now have Basic ATK SEQ 5, deal ~~5x800%~~ 5x150% ATK ignite dmg and inflict 5 ignite trauma. During the attack, if Determined Star < 300 points, you can trigger evasion skill to recover 600 Determined Star. **Starts the battle with 600 Determined Star.**
- **Magical Girl Time is always at max level. When Ult hits an enemy, the additional dmg limit increased from 15 to 20 ignite stacks. Clears all ignite stacks on hit.**
- **Evasion charge +1**

SIGNET 1
Basic ATK SEQ 5 can generate magic circle and trigger Judgement, release Judgement by pressing ATK button, consume 300 Determined Star to directly use Basic ATK SEQ 5. Basic ATK and Judgement FIre DMG ~~+80%~~ **+150%**, ~~and Determined Star starts at 300 points.~~

SIGNET 2
**Basic ATK SEQ 5 deal additional 300% ATK of Ignite DMG on hit.** When Basic ATK 1-4 hits an enemy, evasion cd -~~2s~~ **-2.5s**, CD: 0.5s. ~~Evasion charge +1~~. After triggering evasion skill, Total DMG ~~+40%~~ **+20%** for ~~15s~~ **8s**, can be refreshed.

SIGNET 3
**Total DMG +30%.** After using Ult,  **reset weapon cd,** restore 2 evasion charges and 600 points of Determined Star, gain 6 Sparkle stacks.

SIGNET 4
~~Sparkle max stack increased to 40.~~ Each Sparkle stack increases ignite stack by 1 stack and max HP by ~~20~~ **50** points for Sirin. **When HP is below 30%, HP recovery effect increased by 75%, otherwise the effect is reduced by 75% instead, and reduce 300 HP per second. During charged mode, enemy ignite stack will continuously increase until max stack. When using Split, deal additional [150% ATK x ignite stack] of Ignite DMG** 

~~When using Split, immediately reach max ignite stack. After using support skill, all attacks give 2 Sparkle stack, CD: 0.2s, duration 15s. Each stack can trigger once.~~

SIGNET 5
**When using Split, trigger evasion skill to restore 600 Determine Star. When Charged ATK hits an enemy, deal additional 100% ATK Ignite DMG, and enemies take 20% more Total DMG, lasts for 8s, can be refreshed. When Split hits, for each Sparkle stack that you have, reduce Ult cd by 4s and restore 1 sp.**

~~Start with 10 Sparkle stack. Enemies in ignited state take Ignite DMG equal to [40% ATK x Sparkle stack] per second, ignite duration increased by 100%~~