###Honkai v7.0 Elysian Realm v2
Translation by Marisa
Patch Note: https://rentry.co/70log
Lunar Vow Translation: https://rentry.co/luna70
Luna Gear Translation: https://rentry.co/lunagear
HoS Brick and Pericles stigma: https://rentry.co/hosbrick 
Elysian Realm: https://rentry.co/er70
---

**STAGE BUFF 1**
- When holding more than 2 signets of the same path as the support sigil, at the beginning of battle, fully charge the support skill. Every time you use support skill,valk Total DMG +4%, can stack 6 times, lasts the entire run. Enemy's base HP +5%, at the end of each battle, non-IMG enemy HP +2%, IMG enemy HP +0.8%
- Enemies have 30% Total DMG resistance. For every 50 combos gained by the valk, disable this effect for 4s, can be refreshed.
- When valk deals Melee DMG, Physical and Elemental DMG +15% for 15s, can be refreshed.
- After valk deals bleed, ignite or Crit DMG, Total DMG +20% for 8s, can be refreshed.
- ~~Decimation~~ Deliverance and Daybreak base signet +2

**LOAD BUFF 1**
0 - F17 boss changed to Cruising Tribunal with lightning vulnerable shield
5 - Valk max sp +30
5 - When enemies take weapon active dmg, they take 5% more Total DMG for 5s, can be refreshed.
10 - When valk Combo ATK hits an enemy, the enemy takes 10% more Total DMG for 10s, can be refreshed.
10 - Each time valks of different types are on the field, valk Physical and Elemental DMG +8%
15 - When weapon type is cross, chakram, scythe or fist, valk Elemental Breach +20%, and Physical Breach +50%
15 - For every 300 points of valk's Max HP, valk Physical and Elemental DMG +1% (max 30%)

---

**STAGE BUFF 2**
- When holding more than 2 signets of the same path as the support sigil, at the beginning of battle, fully charge the support skill. Every time you use support skill,valk Total DMG +4%, can stack 6 times, lasts the entire run. Enemy's base HP +5%, at the end of each battle, non-IMG enemy HP +2%, IMG enemy HP +0.8%
- Enemies have 30% Total DMG resistance. Disabled when they take bleed, ignite or Crit DMG
- Physical and Elemental DMG +15% for every 150 combo gained for 10s, can be refreshed.
- After valk deals bleed, ignite or Crit DMG, Total DMG +20% for 8s, can be refreshed.
- ~~Bodhi~~ Infinity and Helix base signet +2

**LOAD BUFF 2**
0 - F17 boss changed to Cruising Tribunal with lightning vulnerable shield
5 - When Charged ATK hits, gain 5 sp, cd 8s
5 - When support valk has same type, Total DMG +8%
10 - When enemy is bleeding, ignited or impaired, valk Total DMG +15% for 10s, can be refreshed.
10 - When combo reaches 50, enemies take 2% more Total DMG, max 10%, resets at the end of each floor.
15 - When weapon type is cross, chakram, scythe or fist, valk Elemental Breach +20%, and Physical Breach +50%
15 - When valk on the field has advantage vs enemy on the field, Total DMG +25%


---

**LUNAR VOW**

PASSIVE
-~~After using support skill, you can trigger your own QTE.~~ 
- When you hit the enemy with Hunting Time (the chainsaw slash spam), on fourth hit of the attack, gain a Pledge stack (CD:0.1s), Luna takes 2% less Total DMG, max 20 stacks, lasts for 5s, can be refreshed.

- When charging meter, gain Iron Body
- On entry, gain full meter. Combo ATK no longer trigger weapon button highlight like normal gameplay.
- Every 20 times you deal Bleed DMG, launch a lightning strike that deals 10% ATK of Lightning DMG, counts as Melee DMG.
- Gain 2 extra sp when you use Hunting Time

- Basic ATK SEQ 4 gathers enemies.
- Basic ATK restores less meter than normal gameplay.
- Basic ATK seq 4 and Combo ATK has improved target range. 

SIGNET 1
~~v1: Basic ATK seq 4 is buffed, each attack adds additional Lightning DMG equal to lost hp percentage x 120% ATK. This dmg counts as Bleed DMG. After using Combo ATK, press and hold ATK button to consume 70% of current HP and then cast Basic ATK Seq 4. When you are cutting the enemies, on Basic ATK 4th hit, gain a shield equal to 50% of max HP. When the shield is up, gain Iron Body. Shield lasts for 15s, can be refreshed.~~

v2: After evasion, hold atk button to connect to Basic ATK seq 4. Basic atk seq 4 and Combo ATK are enhanced. Each attack deals Lightning DMG equal to HP lost percentage x 50%/150% ATK of Lightning DMG. This counts as Bleed DMG. Gains a shield equal to 100% of max HP, gain Iron Body when shield is up. When Basic ATK seq 4 is continuously slashing enemies, consume 70% of current HP and recover 30% of shield max HP.

SIGNET 2
~~v1: Fresh Blood Chop (the attack after you use all meter) multiplier increased by 100%, and deal additional Lightning DMG equal to lost hp percentage x 50% ATK. This dmg counts as Bleed DMG. At the end of the atk, Basic ATK Lightning DMG +40% for 20s, can be refreshed.~~

~~v2: Within 3s of using evasion skill or Mow Down, the number of slashes of Basic ATK seq 4 will increase. When Mow Down ends, Basic ATK gain Lightning DMG +250% for 20s, can be refreshed.~~

**v3: Basic ATK Seq 4 hit count increased to 32 hits. Basic and Combo ATK Lightning DMG +60%. Mow Down: Each hit deals additional 50% ATK of Lightning DMG.**

SIGNET 3
Each slash of Hunting Time reduces Ult CD by 0.25s. The max limit of Pledge increased to 30 stacks. After Ultimate ends, **fully restore meter,** immediately gain 30 Pledge stacks.

SIGNET 4
Meter gained from charging is increased, Hunting Time (the chainsaw slash spam) consume less meter, and atk speed is increased. For each Pledge stack, Hunting Time gain Lightning DMG ~~+5%~~ **+3%**. When Pledge stack is 20 or more, Hunting Time Lightning DMG +10%. Ult deal additional dmg = Pledge stack x 10% ATK of Lightning DMG. Clears all Pledge stack when Ult ends.

SIGNET 5
Every time you enter Madness state, ~~Ult cd -7s, and~~ Valk Total DMG ~~+50%~~ +60% for 20s, can be refreshed.

---

**HOS BRICK PASSIVE**
When you have Brick, gain the following bonuses:
- ~~Burst Mode duration is extended to 20s.~~ Removed
- When Burst Mode atk hits an enemy, it will deal additional ~~600%~~ **400%** ATK Physical DMG. CD: 1s
- **After using weapon finisher, Ult CD is reduced by an additional 5 seconds.**
- When you have Ego signet, attacks during Herrscher form will activate the signet effects. **When summoned entity is present, recover 50 hp and 2.5 sp per second.**
- When you have Victory signet, attacks during Herrscher form will activate the signet effects. 

For reference:
- Victory: In Herrscher Form, Combo ATK: Slashes can have up to 18 slashes. After reaching 7 slashes, every slash deals 750% ATK of bonus Physical DMG.
- Blessing of Ego+: Casting Combo ATK summons an illusion (summoned entity) to replicate the attack. In Herrscher Form, the illusion only replicates the slashes each dealing 105% ATK of Physical DMG. The illusion has 500% of the Valkyrie's ATK.