###Honkai Impact v7.3 ELYSIAN REALM CN Translation
Translation by Marizzler Honkai

LINKS
- Senadina translation: https://rentry.co/sena73
- Helia translation: https://rentry.co/helia73
- Coralie translation: https://rentry.co/coralie73
- Elysian Realm (partial): https://rentry.co/er73
- AstralOp Dreamseeker and Songque: https://rentry.co/asop73

Senadina, Helia, and Coralie translations will be added when full stats are available.

***

!~orange;default;default;7; **NEW SUPPORT CHARACTER - DEEPSPACE ANCHOR: FIRST LIGHT** ~!

(CD: 50s) Summons Deepspace Anchor: First Light, deal 100% ATK of Lightning DMG to the enemy, and generate a boundary resonance mark. When mark is stimulated, deal 20% ATK of adaptive DMG to surrounding enemies, this damage counts as dealt by the active valk, and recover 3 sp to herself, can be triggered up to 8 times, with 0.7s trigger interval. Also, valk Elemental DMG +20%, and enter Elemental Breach state for 15s, gain Elemental Breach +16%.  When the effect has been triggered 8 times or when Astral Ring Burst state ends, the mark is removed.

***

!~orange;default;default;7; **ROUND 1** ~!

**STAGE BUFF**
- Enemies in elite floor are replaced with Homu, Homei and Hola. Defeating them within time limit gives one upgrade. If clear time is less than 80 seconds, get one additional upgrade. Enemy base HP +5%, after each floor ends, non-IMG enemy HP +2%, IMG enemy HP +0.8%
- Enemies take 30% less Total DMG (independent multiplier). When valk deals 500 points of Elemental DMG at once, this effect is disabled for 5s, duration can be refreshed.
- After the enemy takes damage from Fire or Lightning DMG, take 15% more Total DMG for 10s, duration can be refreshed.
- Weapon skill deal 50% more Total DMG
- Deliverance and Helix base signet +2 level

**LOAD BUFF**
0 - F17 boss replaced with typeless boss Homu Magician (has fire and lightning-vulnerable shield)
5 - Valk max HP +500
5 - When valk attacks enemy of the same type, gain Total DMG +8%
10 - When enemy enters bleeding, ignited, or impaired state, valk Total DMG +15% for 10s, duration can be refreshed.
10 - When the enemy takes damage from weapon skill, it takes 10% more Total DMG for 5s, duration can be refreshed.
15 - For every support valk on the field with different type from the valkyrie, valk gain Physical and Elemental DMG +15%
15 - Valk with Drive Core, Rapidfire Crossbow, Rocket Hammer, Gauntlet and Cross weapon types gain Physical Breach +40%, and Elemental Breach +20%.

***

!~orange;default;default;7; **ROUND 2** ~!


**STAGE BUFF**
- Enemies in elite floor are replaced with Homu, Homei and Hola. Defeating them within time limit gives one upgrade. If clear time is less than 80 seconds, get one additional upgrade. Enemy base HP +5%, after each floor ends, non-IMG enemy HP +2%, IMG enemy HP +0.8%
- Enemies take 30% less Total DMG (independent multiplier). When valk Combo ATK hits the enemy, this effect is disabled for 10s, duration can be refreshed.
- After the enemy takes damage from Fire or Lightning DMG, take 15% more Total DMG for 10s, duration can be refreshed.
- Weapon skill deal 50% more Total DMG
- Gold and Bodhi base signet +2 level

**LOAD BUFF**
0 - F17 boss replaced with typeless boss Homu Magician (has fire and lightning-vulnerable shield)
5 - Valk max HP +500
5 - When valk attacks enemy of the same type, gain Total DMG +8%
10 - On entry, valk Total DMG +10%. Upon taking dmg, this effect is disabled for 5s, duration can be refreshed.
10 - Everytime an enemy dies, valk Total DMG +5%, max 20%. Resets after each floor ends.
15 - When valk deals 500 points of Elemental DMG at once, Physical Breach +40% and Elemental Breach +20% for 10s, duration can be refreshed.
15 - Each time you cast weapon skill or when weapon skill hits an enemy, gain Total DMG +20% for 15s, duration can be refreshed.

---

!!! danger
    CORALIE

**PASSIVE**
- Skill and stats are adjusted to level 80
- On entry, Astral Ring 'Rite of Oblivion' is activated. Astral Ring intensity charging speed is tripled, and Stellar Outburst duration is reduced to 8s.
- On the start of each ER round, Astral Ring starts with full meter. On subsequent floors, the meter inherits from the previous floor.
- Removed the Astral Ring World Star requirement from Coralie's Astral Ring subskill Do You Want to Dance (When Astral Ring 'World Star' is active, Valkyrie Blastmetal's extra damage when consuming Quantum Mech Energy counts as resonance damage.)
- Enhanced aerial weapon attack gathers enemies and attack range is increased, gain dominance state during attack.
- Each hammer stack consumed restores 100 HP.
- During combo atk, gain dominance state.
- Ult CD -20s.

**SIGNET 1**
Casting Ult restores Astral Ring intensity by 50 points, and resets the cd of Stellar Outburst. During Stellar Outburst, aerial attack pursuit range is increased. Ult deals additional 1200% ATK of Fire DMG. When Valkyrie Blastmetal's enhanced weapon attack deals damage, deals additional 600% ATK of Fire DMG.

**SIGNET 2**
During Stellar Outburst, the first two enhanced aerial attacks will not consume Quantum Mech energy, and 5 sp will be restored each time enhanced aerial weapon attack hits an enemy, and reduce ult cd by 2s. Weapon skill and Ult gain Fire DMG +40%.

**SIGNET 3**
Jumping once and then pressing weapon will cast third sequence of enhanced weapon attack, and restore 5 hammer stacks. Double jump deals additional damage, 2x300% ATK of Fire DMG. Combo ATK range is increased, and consume all hammer stacks. Each combo atk deals additional 400% ATK of Fire DMG. When Astral Ring meter is full, enemies take 50% more Fire DMG (independent multiplier).

**SIGNET 4**
After double jump, the next enhanced aerial weapon attack does not consume a hammer stack. When the total hammer stacks consumed during Combo ATK = 5, Combo ATK gain Total DMG +40%, and the final hit deals additional 3000% ATK of Fire DMG.

**SIGNET 5**
Gain dominance status while airborne. During dominance or invincible state, gain Total DMG +40%.

!!! info
    HELIA
**PASSIVE**
- Skill and stats are adjusted to level 80
- On entry, Astral Ring 'World Star' is activated. 
- On entry, Astral Ring meter is restored to 150 points.
- Entering rapidfire and casting targeted bombardment count as casting weapon skill, and targeted bombardment resets weapon cd.
- Stellar Outburst cd reduced to 6s, but the damage caused during this state is reduced by 50%.
- After tracking explosion on the enemy is detonated, applies thunderbolt debuff to all enemies on the field, and briefly pulls them.
- During rapidfire, 100 hp is restored every second. Pressing weapon button at any time to exit rapidfire state can trigger targeted bombardment.

**SIGNET 1**
During Stellar Outburst, two additional resonance marks are created. Rapidfire can trigger domain resonance. When hitting an enemy, the marks will release chain lightning, which deals 3x1200% ATK of Lightning DMG. Each mark can release at most one chain lightning every one second. The mark will be removed when it has triggered four times, or when Stellar Outburst ends. Stellar Outburst duration is reduced to 15 seconds. During non-Stellar Outburst state, when your attack hits an enemy, gain 15 points of Astral Ring meter, trigger interval 1s.

**SIGNET 2**
When you trigger pursuit attack after casting targeted bombardment, gain 200 points of rapidfire meter. During non-Stellar Outburst state, restore additional 60 points of Astral Ring meter. During rapidfire, gain 1 stack [Calibrated Target] every 0.2s. Upon casting targeted bombardment, consume all [Calibrated Target], each stack consumed deals 120% ATK of Lightning DMG, max 3 stacks, increased to 10 stacks during Stellar Outburst. Grenade cd reduced to 5s.

**SIGNET 3**
During non-Stellar Outburst state, rapidfire deals additional 45% ATK of Lightning DMG to each hit, and drops [Quantum Mech Medium] when it hits a target. You can pick it up when nearby, gain 200 points of rapidfire meter and trigger targeted bombardment (counts as casting weapon skill). If your Astral Ring meter is full within 7 seconds, gain the following effects: Total DMG +40%, rapidfire does not consume meter, and gain 30 hp every 0.5s. During rapidfire, movement speed is increased by 100%. You cannot drop [Quantum Mech Medium] within 7s after a [Quantum Mech Medium] has been dropped, or after you pick it up.

**SIGNET 4**
During non-Stellar Outburst state, rapidfire deals additional 55% ATK of Lightning DMG to each hit. Upon picking up [Quantum Mech Medium], your next attack creates a black hole at the target, continuously gather enemies in a large area.

**SIGNET 5**
During Ult, gain timestop, deal additional 1500% ATK of Lightning DMG, and restore 200 points of rapidfire meter.