>Fuwawa with Mococo.
Good god.
>Check the directions your friend gave you, constantly look over your shoulder thinking a fucking cop will pop out at any second.
>The neighborhood doesn't inspire you any trust, despite being relatively normal. At most there's some graffiti in the alleyways
>This is the place
>Knock on the door, someone is coming
>A long haired blonde kemono opens the door
>Like a sperg, you ask her if she's the 'one' despite the fact her massive tits obviously said otherwise
>She laughs, says she has no idea what you're talking about
>Show her the money, she asks who sent you. It was so and so.
>"Come in." She opens the door. "Last door to your left."
>"How much is it?" 
>"25000 yen for 60 minutes, 30000 for the special."
>"What's the... special...?" 
>"I'll be there with you two."
>"Two for one?"
>"No, silly!" She laughs. "I'll just watch~"
>Well, it was just 5000 more yen, and you had an exibitionism feitsh anyways.
>Pay the blonde the agreed sum, she lets you into the hall
>"Moco-chan!" She knocks on the door. "You have a visitor!"
>"Come in Fuwa-chan!" A girlish voice replies from inside
>There she is, a girl no older than 10 or 11, sitting in front of an old Super Nintendo.
>"Take a seat~" Fuwawa instructs you as she locks the door behind you. 
>Sit, take a look at Mococo. She's almost flat as a board, if it wasn't for the little breasts that protruded out of her shirt like pudding. Her hair is just like Fuwawa's, blonde, with pink stripes and it reaches to her shoulders. She's dressed in an oversized shirt and some underpants.
>Mococo sits on your lap, asks if you want to play. You agree, thinking its just part of the service
>Play Mario Kart, and for the entire time, Mococo grinds on your lap, letting you feel that plumpy, soft butt of hers
>"Ho~" Fuwawa smirks. "Moco-chan, wait, look at what you've done~ Get up, get up. You're distracting our friend! That's not fair..."
>"Ahh..." Mococo sulks. "I-I'm sorry, mister."
>"You little ruffian!" Fuwawa scolds her. "You'll have to make up for it."
>Fuwawa sits behind you, undoes your fly, she then tells Mococo to come closer, who crawls towards you on all fours. As Fuwawa frees your cock from your pants, Mococo blushes and looks nervous.
>"Now, Moco-chan, don't keep him waiting~"
>Mococo opens her mouth slightly, just slightly, and gently nibbles on your head with her lips.
>"The tongue, Moco-chan"
>"Un"
>Feel Mococo's small tongue slide across your head, let out pants of pleasure.
>"Good job, Moco-chan, lick it, lick it until it shines~" Fuwawa whispers, scooting over to her sister. "But you know how to make him feel real good, don't you?"
>Mococo looks away again.
>"U-Un."
>Mococo turns around, lies flat on her back and lifts her shirt up, showing you her bare chest
>"Come on, Onii-chan." Fuwawa whispers in your ear. "Don't be shy, Mococo's waiting for you~"
>Align your hips with Mococo's face, let your hands grab her tiny budding breasts. The girl is so small your dick looks massive by comparasion
>Slide your hand across her tummy, the girl twitches
>"Ah, Onii-chan!" Fuwawa speaks "Moco-chan gets really emotional if you touch her tummy, you have to be careful there."
>Mococo sticks out her tongue, Fuwawa smirks and encourages her from the side
>Tap your cock on her tongue, there's no fucking way you're going to fit inside her
>"Come on, you can use her however you want, mister~" Fuwawa sits behind you, aligning her hips with yours
>"W-Wait" You spurt out, right before Fuwawa grabs your cock and lines it with Mococo's mouth. The poor puppy has tears swelling up in her eyes
>"There you go~!" Fuwawa thrusts through you, sending your cock straight to Mococo's throat. She gags, her hands try to push you back, but Fuwawa goes "Tsch", making all of her complains stop. You can see your bulge on her neck...

>Mococo gags and gags, her throat closes around your cock so violently you have trouble pulling backwards, locked in place by pleasure.
>"Let her breathe." Fuwawa commands, and obeying her orders, you take it out. Mococo has tears running down her face, she's gasping for air
>"Now for the main course~"
>"Un..." Mococo groans, sliding her underpants off. 
>"Stand up, pose, give it your best Moco-chan!"
>Mococo turns her behind to you, where you can see her plumpy butt in all it's glory. At Fuwawa's command, she makes it jiggle with her hands.
>"Take a closer look, Onii-chan~" Fuwawa whispers as Mococo takes her cue so walk backwards towards you, smotherin your face with her buttocks
>You grab a hold firm of her legs and her bum, her skin is unbeliabably soft. Then your hand draws further inward. Not a single trace of hair in her pubis.
>"Turn around, Moco-chan, I think he wants to your garden~"
>Mococo obeys, and shows you her smooth, puffy pussy. Hypnotized, you stick your tongue to her clit and look up, seeing Mococo's embarassed eyes
>"Look at you, Moco-chan, you're leaking~!" 
>Getting on her knees, Mococo turns around on all fours. By instinct you rub yourself on her folds
>"There you go~"
>Slide it in, Mococo's legs jitter "Ah..." She grunts
>"Hush, Moco-chan."
>It doesn't fit all the way, the girl is too small, so you move with the little room you've got
>"Moco-chan likes it when people are rough with her, you know~" Fuwawa whispers in your ear, and in that second, Mococo's butt looks mightly slapable.
>"I-I..." Mococ grunts, right before your make her behind echo across the bedroom "Uwah..."
>"There, there." Fuwawa smiles. "Can you feel it coming? Let it out inside, the special comes with a free creampie~"
>"F-Fuwa-" Mococo complains, and Fuwawa shuts her by pulling her tail.
>"Come on, shoot a litter of puppies inside her~" Fuwawa whispers
>A few more thrursts, and you shoot your load inside Mococo, her legs twitch and jitter
>"Milk it, Moco-chan! Milk it!" 
>Taking her cue, Mococo sways her hips, she moves back and forth on your shaft, taking out every last drop your balls had to offer
>Fall back exhausted, Fuwawa catches you on the way back
>"You did a good job, Onii-chan, you too, Moco-chan! Now, it's time for cleanup."
>Mococo crawls foward with the last of her strength, and with empty eyes she opens her mouth and takes your shaft inside, cleaning all the lines of your sticky white juice running down it. With her tongue, she cleans the spots she couldn't fit inside
>"T-Thank you, for your patronage." Mococo mewls. Fuwawa smiles.
>As she sees you out, she asks you to come back soon.