#Days Filled with Bliss

It had been a few months since Omori and Aubrey had started dating.
Omori didn't really think much would change when they started. Maybe there'd be a few more moments where Aubrey cuddled up to him, she'd stay closer to his side, and he'd protect her more fiercely. Although, Aubrey was protecting him even more viscously than he was her sometimes.
But a lot changed. Omori and Aubrey were going on a lot of adventures together, just the two of them. Usually they'd stick to Vast Forest or visit Pinwheel Forest. Sometimes they even went to Otherworld to watch the starts together in the field. One time Aubrey even managed to drag him over to Last Resort so they could go to a more "adult" place to have a date. Omori was a bit worried about the two of them getting into trouble at a place like that, but ever since Hero became the boss of Last Resort its become a lot less seedy. It was a lot of fun.
And getting to sleep in a big and warm, comfy bed with Aubrey snuggling up to him...it was nice.

This time they would be going on a stroll through Vast Forest while the sun was still up. There weren't any Sprout Moles that got in their way, the bunnies let Omori and a very happy Aubrey pet them. They went to admire Basil's flowers, and later threw some stones across the water. Before long they settled underneath a tall tree with shade covering  them. It was quiet. Peaceful. Omori enjoyed the feeling of the breeze through his hair, the grass against his skin. The setting sun filtering through the trees was beautiful, and the girl he loved resting herself against him...he was happy.
Soon enough Omori found it hard to keep his eyes open, and fell asleep...
...
...
It was safe to say Aubrey loved everything about Omori, and every day it felt like it was getting stronger.
His cute yet stern face, his dark eyes she could get lost in, his soft hair she loved to run her fingers through, his comfy clothes she loved to feel, his warm hands that hers fit perfectly around, the glare he wore when protecting her, and the way it softened up when making sure she was okay...
Thinking about it made her want to throw herself around him and start singing his praises again, but he was asleep. He couldn't hear her.
...
As always in moments like this, Aubrey found her eyes drawn to a specific place. A spot on Omori's shorts, where an ever so slight yet noticeable bump formed. Ever since Mari explained it to her, Aubrey was always so curious about it. That when a boy and girl love each other very much, they...
Aubrey felt her face light up just thinking about the colorful descriptions Mari had given her. Aubrey took a deep breath. She wanted to do it for him.
Aubey slowly lowered a hand over Omori's shorts, and touched it. Gulping, she tried to try sliding down his shorts. Omori was sitting, making it a bit hard but thankfully his shorts were really loose. It didn't take long to pull them down enough to reveal it.
Just as monochrome as the rest of his body. Aubrey found it a bit silly looking, but she should keep touching it, right? Using what Mari had said as a guide, Aubrey started to keep touching it. She tried wrapping her fingers around it, stroking it up and down, she considered squeezing it but didn't want to wake Omori. She kept passing glances up at Omori's face to see him still snoozing. He was so cute, Aubrey couldn't stop herself from quickly nuzzling her face against his. When Aubrey looked down, her eyes widened at what she saw. "Wow, Omori..." She whispered seeing it having grown in size. What did Mari say to do at this point... She would need to...take it into her mouth and start kissing and...sucking on it?

That sounded dirty. For a moment Aubrey thought Mari might have been pulling her leg. But why would she lie like that? Mari said she does it with Hero, so... It was a bit uncomfortable having to position herself on the ground while lifting her head up to Omori's...p-penis. Aubrey shivered. That was a weird word. This really is something dirty, isn't it? But lovers do this...she loves Omori that much, so she should do this for him.
Aubrey moved her mouth over to the tip, and slowly put her lips around it. She tried kissing it, making odd sounds as well as licking it. It tasted funny...not bad, but funny. She kept her mouth just around the tip, kissing and sucking and tasting. She tasted something weird and sticky, and found herself taking it further in her mouth. It tasted so strange, but she found herself liking it. Omori's taste...the thought caused her to speed up her movements, bobbing up and down as she tried licking more parts of it. She found herself enjoying this. This was actually kind of fun!
...
...
Omori slowly opened his eyes. He felt something weird, but he was too tired. He closed his eyes and almost fell asleep again. It was starting to get hard to ignore. Omori opened an eye more and looked around and then down. He saw Aubrey doing something between his legs. Omori instantly realized what she was doing. It took every bit of self control he had to not jump and disturb her. He hoped she didn't notice his breathing change.
He...kind of thought something like this would happen. Aubrey was always adventurous about how she acted around him, easily reaching into his shorts front pockets for items in there. But this was sudden. For Aubrey to be taking in his shaft deep into her mouth, kissing the tip of it lovingly and sucking on it heavily, letting out cute noises as she bobbed up and down enthusiastically with such a delighted face, it-

Omori couldn't hold it in anymore. He heard a muffled "Mfmfnmfmah?!" from Aubrey as he let out a flow of semen into her mouth. He saw her pull back and a small amount got on her face. Omori gulped as he saw her confused yet awestruck face covered in sticky cum. She started to clean her face with her tongue and fingers, licking up every bit of it. She was so...sexy. He had never thought to describe her like that before, but now...wow...
"Sorry I didn't do that while you were awake, but I thought you'd be happier to wake up to this." Aubrey smiled brightly, before throwing herself at him in a hug. "I love you, Omori! I love you so, so much!" Omori wrapped his arms around her. He loved her too. Every day was so much brighter with her in it, so much happier. Omori felt a faint smile on his face as he squeezed her as tightly as he could.
"Omori...can we go even farther? I-I really want to...with you..." Aubrey pleaded with both her voice and her eyes. Omori shuffled a little as Aubrey repositioned herself. His back against the tree, Aubrey on top of him while using her knees to keep herself up, their arms wrapped around each other for support. Positioned over his penis, Aubrey had a Manic look on her face, finally able do this with Omori. "I love you, so much!"

Finally, she descended down as Omori thrusted up. Aubrey let out a yelp of pain at first, and Omori froze to give her a moment. "I-I'm fine!" She breathed out as she restarted her movements. Up and down she bounced. Omori tried to thrust up with every bounce, but the hard forest floor wasn't exactly the best place to be doing this. Yet it was still so wonderful. The feeling of her insides squeezing around his shaft, her arms tightening around him as she whimpered and moaned with each movement, her legs squishing his, and her face so close to his he could feel every hot breath on his face, her eyes staring into his, it was overwhelming. He loved Aubrey so, so much...
Aubrey felt so overwhelmed by everything right now. Her love for Omori, his penis inside her making her feel so good, his usually stoic eyes giving way to happiness, how hot her whole body felt, the only sounds she could make being moans and desperate attempts to say Omori's name. Aubrey's head felt like it was spinning, and the only things she could focus on were her own movements and Omori's face. She loved him so, so much!

Omori noticed a faint line of drool on Aubrey's face. In a moment of inspiration, Omori moved one arm to put a hand behind her head, and slowly pulled her forward. As she let out an "O-h-mor-ri~" he traced the line of drool with his tongue, up to her mouth where he started kissing her.
Aubrey was breaking down. This was all too much for her to handle. She surrendered herself to these feelings as she tried to match the movement in her mouth that made her warm body feel like it was melting. It was all so wonderful, and it was Omori, Omori, Omori, Omori, Omori!!!
Omori felt Aubrey's whole body practically spasming around him as he let out an even bigger amount inside her. The two clinged to each other with the last of their strength as they slowly slid down onto the rough forest floor. The two of them were completely out of it, a mess of limbs and heavy breathing. Neither could focus on anything as they slowly fell unconscious.
...

...
"Good morning, sleepyhead."
Sunny could barely open his eyes to see pink hair in his vision. "...morning..." he mumbled.
"Seems you were having a good dream last night." Aubrey said to him. "...what...?" he mumbled again, rubbing his eye.
"You kept mumbling my name and, well..." Her eyes lowered down below the blankets. Sunny felt confused...until he finally noticed a wetness in his shorts. Sunny's eyes shot wide awake as Aubrey grinned at him. "Mind showing me how that dream went?"
Sunny could barely let out a "w-wai-" before she claimed his lips for her own.
