Hololive Gen 0 

Sora's penis:
5.5", uncircumcised.  Average thickness, with a neat patch of trimmed pubic hair, Sora's penis is picture perfect.  Sora's got smooth, white skin, with the foreskin pulled back over a delicate pink head.  Despite not being the biggest, thickest, or superlative in any category, there's something perfect in the simplicity and proportion.

Roboco's penis:
Roboco has a wide range of options to choose from, and typically, has a 6", ribbed purple penis attached.  She likes to keep it attached even when she isn't using it, and laughs when people notice it.  She has larger models, but only takes them out for special occasions.  If she's losing at Apex, she'll often take a break to rub one out quickly.

Miko's penis:
3.5", uncircumcised.  Miko's got a tiny, phimotic little dick, barely big enough to be called a dick.  Even when she gets hard, she can't peel the skin back, and it's honestly hard to tell if she's hard.  She stays clean shaven because she hard that shaving makes you look bigger.  She rages when it gets called small, but makes no effort to hide it from the viewers.

Suisei's penis:
7.5", circumcised.  Suisei's dick is long, and a bit on the thin side, but gets very hard, with bulging blue veins visible through pale, delicate white skin.  She's obviously proud of it, and has custom scrotal lingerie made to match the rest of her underwear.  She's a shower, not a grower, and is almost always at her full length.  She likes to slip it out of her panties and see how long it takes someone to notice the head of her cock dangling just below the hem of her skirt.

Hololive Gen 1:

Mel's penis:
7", uncircumcised.  Long and thick, Mel loves to catch people looking at her, first glancing at her breasts, then at her bulge, then back up.  She loves seeing how flustered she can make people, and deliberately wears small, tight panties because of it.  She might not be the biggest in Hololive, but the contrast between her slim frame and impressive member make it seem very imposing.

Matsuri's penis:
4.5" long, uncircumcised.  Matsuri's below average, but loves to mischievously sneak her dick out when no one's looking.  She especially loves peeing in public.  She usually shaves, but not often, so there's often a lot of stubble.  She's got a lot of foreskin, and enjoys playing with it.

Aki's penis:
5", circumcised.  What Aki lacks in length, she makes up for by having an exceptionally hard, thick member.  While often overlooked in favor of others who are longer, Aki's special futa belly dancing is not to be missed.  She can wiggle her dick hypnotically, and because she's half elf, she can stay hard for much longer than average.

Haachama's penis:
8", uncircumcised.  Amazingly, Haachama's dick might even be wider than it is long.  Unbelievably girthy and hairy, Haachama's philosophy is that "smelly dick is best."  She loves to torment her Haatons by doing ASMR streams where she slaps her mighty meat against her desk, and asking them what they think it is.  She doesn't get hard often, but even soft, she's thicker and longer than most.  When she does get hard, watch out, because you're cumming on the ride.

Hitomi Chris' penis:
Data not found.

Hololive Gen 2:

Aqua's penis:
4", uncircumcised.  Aqua's got a small, skinny penis with a bright purple head, tightly covered by dark forsekin.  Her foreskin is leathery and peels back almost in layers.  She thinks her penis is on the average to big size, and no one has the heart to tell her otherwise.  She hates that Shion calls her small.

Shion's penis:
3.5", circumcised.  Though her dick's small, hairless, and thin, Shion uses her magic and potions to make it appear twice its size.  She often does this illusion to taunt Aqua, despite actually being a little smaller than her.  In truth, Shion doesn't mind being small, and actually really enjoys SPH play.

Ayame's penis:
6.5", uncircumcised.  Surprisingly large, Ayame's penis starts thick, and tapers to a thin point, with a fierce upward curve.  Though she doesn't show it off much, her fans are always eagerly awaiting another glimpse of a truly royal cock.  Her pubes are kept in a neat, tightly cropped bush of soft, snow-white hair.

Choco's penis:
8.5", circumcised.  Very long and of average thickness, Choco is famous for her autofellatio ASMR streams.  Around the office, Choco doesn't wear panties, letting her long dong dangle.  She enjoys watching people fumble over their words while they try to stop staring at the bright pink head peeking out from under her skirt.  After being scolded by management, she started wearing a lacy cock sock, on the grounds that she was technically fully clothed.

Subaru's penis:
5.5", uncircumcised.  Subaru's dick is of average length, above average thickness, and has a nearly 90 degree twist to it, corkscrewing to the left.  She's got an especially large head that her foreskin can't cover.  She's a quick shot, but is ready to go again quickly.  She's often policing the other girls to keep covered, and won't hesitate to handcuff any offenders by the dick.

Hololive Gen 3:
 
Pekora's penis:
4", uncircumcised. Average thickness, but Pekora gets hard unbelievably fast. A notorious premature ejaculator, Pekora will often cum upwards of five times in a row. She hates being looked down on, and will often try to dominate her nousagis, despite her small size. She's been working on not cumming so fast, but hasn't had much luck.
 
Rushia's penis:
5", circumcised. Quite thin and veiny, Rushia swears up and down that she's got a 7" cock, even though everyone knows it isn't that big. If you call her small, she starts to rage, and will take her aggression out on the nearest orifice to her. She has unbelievable stamina, and will stay hard for hours at a time, until she can make the offender apologize for calling her small.
 
Flare's penis:
8.5", uncircumcised. Long, dark, and thick, Flare is not to be trifled with. She gets hard when she thinks about how people can see her bulge, and has to try her hardest not to masturbate on stream. She has a closely trimmed blonde bush, and her skin is soft to the touch. Despite its intimidating size, she gives off a calming, healing aura, and encourages her viewers to do their best to cum together with her.
 
Noel's penis:
6", circumcised. With a large, bright pink head, Noel's got a picture perfect dick, and she's pretty happy about it. She loves to tease her viewers by giving them an "accidental" glimpse of it, or by letting her viewers hear her hefty shaft slapping against the table during ASMR streams.
 
Marine's penis:
5", uncircumcised. Marine's got extreme phimosis, and is the quickest shot in all of Hololive, rivaled only by Pekora. She doesn't clean very well, and she's got a thick layer of smegma trapped under her foreskin. She likes to try to expose her head, and the smell of her own smegma turns her on, often resulting in an accidental cumshot. She goes crazy thinking about how many of her viewers have masturbated over her, and wants to be bullied for how pitiful her cock is.
 
Hololive Gamers:
 
Fubuki's penis:
6", uncircumcised. With a pleasant curve, smooth, hairless, milky white skin, and a pink head, Fubuki's dick is friendly and sure to satisfy anyone. Initially, Fubuki was embarrassed by it, but has become confident, and eager to please. It may not be the biggest, thickest, or superlative in any category, but somehow, it doesn't get much better than this.
 
Mio's penis:
6.5", uncircumcised. Almost unbelievably thick, with a dark color, strong scent, and wild, thick bush, you can't think straight once you get a look at Mio's aggressively hard dick. Her maturity brings a stately elegance to her beastly dick, and you can tell she knows how to use it. Don't worry, she'll be gentle...probably.
 
Okayu's penis:
3", uncircumcised. A tiny, fat, useless little cock, crowned by a tuft of purple pubic hair. Soft and squishy, even when she gets hard, Okayu's adorable little soldier has a bright pink head. She isn't bothered by being so small, because Koro-san doesn't mind.
 
Korone's penis:
7", uncircumcised. Clean shaven, and incredibly veiny, with a big upward curve, Mr. Koro's got a fearsome tool. And call a doctor, because this erection is going to last a lot longer than 4 hours. Her sadistic side comes out when she gets turned on, leaving her Koronesukis gaped, exhausted, and panting for more. She's only gentle when she's with Okayu.
 
Hololive Gen 4:
 
Kanata's penis:
5.5", uncircumcised. Pretty average, but looks bigger because of her small frame. Average thickness, but she's almost always hard, and is frustrated because of it. She often needs Coco to calm her down.
 
Coco's penis:
13", uncircumcised. The legendary cocock is unbeatable in hardness, length, and girth. Extraordinarily veiny, with a strong scent and a massive mushroom head. She often taunts Kanata with it, because even soft it's bigger than Kanata's erect penis. A legend among legends. You'd better be ready for hours of work to calm her down.
 
Watame's penis:
5", circumcised. A soft and gentle looking penis, you can't help but want to gently fondle it. She's got a big, wooly bush, which is soft, and smells great. Above average balls, hefty to the touch. She's so happy that people like it.
 
Towa's penis:
6.5", circumcised. Unexpectedly long, but very thin. Very small testicles, which often ascend back into her abdomen. Usually, she's shy about it, but lately, her fans have been convincing her to show it off more, sewing her cute little angel themed scrotal lingerie.
 
Luna's penis:
4", uncircumcised. She's never been hard yet, but has a very fat, heavy looking cock. She doesn't understand why her fans want to see it so much, but she feels kind of funny when she shows it off.
 
Hololive Gen 5:
 
Lamy's penis:
4.5", uncircumcised. A beautiful, slim, delicate penis, cool to the touch. While it's not large, it's perfectly shaped. She gets hard quickly when you tease her, and loves being sucked. You won't let her down, will you?
 
Nene's penis:
6", circumcised. Much darker than the rest of her, and quite veiny. She has almost limitless energy, and is almost always hard. Massive head, and very sensitive.
 
Botan's penis:
8", uncircumcised, as thick as a beer bottle. It's so long that when she squats close to the ground, her dick hits the ground. She's usually soft, but if she gets turned on, watch out! She's not going to stop using you until she's completely satisfied.
 
Polka's penis:
5", uncircumcised. Extraordinarily thick at the base, tapering to a small, narrow head. Polka hates wearing panties and loves letting her dick flop around while she's doing her clowning. Massive, hairy testicles.
 
Aloe's penis:
3", uncircumcised. She's very embarrassed that as a succubus, she's got such a small, useless dick. If you see it, she'll turn red faced, and get hard immediately. She swears up and down that she's still growing, and when she's a full fledged succubus, it'll be huge, just you watch! Her dick smells absolutely incredible, like fresh cinnamon.
 
HoloID Gen 1:
 
Risu's penis:
5", uncircumcised. Hairless and slender, Risu loves to make fun of any of her viewers who are smaller than her. Her nuts are truly tremendous, hanging low and heavy in a dark sack. She'll demand that her viewers cum tribute to pictures of her at least once a week.
 
Moona's penis:
7", circumcised. Thick at the base, tapering to a small head, kinda like a carrot. Very smooth, with no visible veins, and almost translucent. She's got soft, long purple pubes, which curl lightly. She's embarrassed that it's so big, but secretly enjoys that she's the biggest out of her genmates.
 
Iofi's penis:
4.5", circumcised. Short and thick, with a kinda splotchy dark and light patterning, Iofi's not shy about her below average member at all. In fact, she loves it, and takes a lot of pride in her skill with it. To show off, she'll often get hard hands-free, and use it to paint all over whatever lucky viewer she chooses to play with.
 
HoloID Gen 2
 
Anya's penis:
7" long, uncircumcised, but extremely thin, and almost always flaccid. She'll call you disgusting if you ask to see it, and otherwise keeps it tucked away out of sight.
 
Reine's penis:
5.5" long, but nice and thick. Alabaster white and uncircumcised, with soft, smooth skin. It takes her a long time to cum, so hopefully you've brought your A game. Careful not to flip her switch.
 
Ollie's penis:
6" long, circumcised, and much darker than the rest of her skin. Even though she's circumcised, she clearly doesn't wash herself thoroughly, and it's got a powerful odor. She's got an exhibitionist kink, and will try to flash her hard cock at you in public.
 
HoloEN:
Mori's penis:
5", circumcised, smooth, and hairless. She's a little self-conscious about it being on the smaller side, but she gets hard really quickly. A quick shot, but ready for round 2 almost immediately.
 
Kiara's penis:
7.5", uncircumcised. She's pretty proud of it, and often walks around without panties, letting it flop around freely. Quite hairy, and the pubes are two tone, matching her head. Very veiny, with a strong left curve when she's erect. Really into orgasm denial play.
 
Gura's penis:
4", circumcised. Poor girl, there's almost no difference between soft and hard. Thick and squat, she's really embarrassed about how small it is, and will swear it gets bigger even when she's as hard as it gets.
 
Ina's penis:
9.5", uncircumcised. A massive, veiny hog, might even get bigger than that. She's very ashamed of how big and monstrous it is, and tries to cum as quickly as she can so it'll get small and be easy to hide.
 
Amelia's penis:
6", circumcised. Smooth, with light, wispy pubes, Watson doesn't really care one way or another, but thinks it's very funny how jealous Mori is about penis size. She loves flashing it and acting surprised when people notice.
 
IRyS' penis:
5.5", uncircumcised. Hope has erected! Though she's of average size, she's quite veiny, with a thick tangle up dark pubic hair going halfway up the shaft. With dark foreskin covering a bright pink head, IRyS' penis is a story in contrasts. She gets pretty shy when people ask to see it, but is actually very happy about it.
 
Bonus:
A-chan's penis:
5.5", uncircumcised. Slightly phimotic, and dark in color. A-chan likes to go commando. Because of her tight business suits, you can almost always see her bulge, average cock pushed up by her above average balls. Her bush is wiry and thick, with a strong smell. She often catches herself getting hard while watching Sora streaming, and strokes herself through her pants under the desk. She often wonders what it would be like if someone caught her masturbating at work.