####Japan, 14th of March

*White Day...White Day! What an curious day. It is an invention local to the island of Japan. Those lucky enough to have received a chocolate one day ago at last give return their affectations. White-colored sweets, triple in number of what they had received - for those who wish to return what they had. It is a day of great benefit to the happiness of those involved...though less so to their health! And it is here that we continue, just one month where we had left off, as a young man races through the streets of Tokyo, holding a large box in his hands.*

%red%**"FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK!!!!"**%%

After the heartfelt events in the fair by the sea, **Ikari Michita** had become one amongst the few male members of the demon hunter club to be no longer able to call himself single. After later receiving the promissed chocolate gifts from his confessor, **Mithran Kuro**, the two had entered what would be an technically unofficial relationship. Although Ikari had never denied the prospect of being her boyfriend, the young delinquent had yet to verbally declare his affection, and they had not yet kissed since. Soon enough, a month of threatening to liquefy any who dared to tease him had passed, and the day where he was expected to return what he had been given arrived at last.

%red%**"IF I'M TOO LATE I'M GONNA FUCKIN' KILL THAT VAMPIRIC BITCH!"**%%

Intent on returning the sweet gift he had been given, Ikari had scrounged up enough money to place a special order with Akari Ichioka for a box of white chocolates, thrice in size to what he had received. *It was not cheap.*  Yet unluckily for him, the order had come a precious few hours late, and now Ikari, who had yet to find a phone able to survive his bouts of rage, stood at risk of being far too late to catch Mithran before she left for her home, as she always did during the closing hours of the Hunters Club. And so he ran, ran like the wind, charging his way through bystanders and obstacles like an ancient chariot upon an enemy force.

As he vaulted across a car upon his way, he turned at the corner of the street where their school was built. It was late in the afternoon, and the sky had already turned to a tint of golden red as the sun gave its last farewells for the day. The sidewalks, once covered in snow, had now melted with the heat of the coming spring, and budding leafs were born upon the trees. Wasting not a single second, Ikari jumped over the school fence, vaulting several meters above the air as if it were a mere roadbump. His spirit was blazing, not with rage but with determination!

He burst through the doors, running down the halls. It was the final hours of the school's working day, when clubs were to close down and vacate the premises. Ikari was wrought with (tension) - had she left already? Was he too late? He could not be too late! He had to tell her today! He must! Reaching the club's door at last, he slammed it open, and inside he saw..

%blue%"Ikari-kun...?%%

Mithran, clearly surprised, having a conversation with their senior hunter Mari Aozaki. Ikari remained at the doorway, panting as he clutched the fancily covered box. After a moment, Mari's face settled back into her calm visage.

%#7393B3%"Kuro-chan, I'll be leaving now. See you tomorrow."%% 

Gracefully, she picked her belongings, and walked through the door. As she passed, she whispered, low enough that only the delinquent boy beside her was able to hear. %#7393B3%***"Michita-san...don't you dare ruin this.***%%

It was an warning - and a threat. 

The door closing behind them, the two young students were at last alone in the club room. Ikari wordlessly shuffled to a clean table, where he placed the box of sweets. Aside from some drops of water from the thawing trees that had fallen along the way, it was fine. Ikari ruffled the back of his hair.
 
%red%"Here...it's my chocolate. For you. I know you like the white chocolate ones more, so..."%%

Mithran approaches it, opening the box. It is a rather huge selection of sweets - bonbons, pieces, and all seemingly decorated. She turns to her boyfriend, her face turned into a warm smile. %
%blue%"Ikari-kun...you really didn't need to."%% she says, taking the hands of the delinquent on her own. Michita, his face growing increasingly red, recoils for a moment, yet he does not let them go. %red%"**No.** I-I mean, I did need to. You should try one. I had to pay a ton to get these from that shitty vampire girl."%% He says, opening the box in an attempt to divert himself from his thoughts. Kuro stares at them for a moment, before grabbing one and throwing it into her mouth. It is soon gone. %blue%"Ah, they're pretty good. Akari-san's shop has some really nice stuff...but you really didn't have to, Ikari-kun. We're already dating."%%

Ikari continues to sweat in cold. He had hoped to avoid this for some more time...but the topic has come up again. The reason why he had bought this expensive selection, and why he had rushed here.  %red%"T-there's just something i feel like i need to say. I..."%%

He tries to continue - yet he cannot. The words cannot leave his mouth. He tries to force them - but they cannot come out. For most of his yet short life, he had worn his emotions on his skin. When someone or something angered him,  he made sure to ensure they knew of it. Yet this time, he could not...he could not bear to do it. His internal anger begins to flare up. %red%***You stupid fuck, tell her. You need to tell her. You need to say it, you dumb retard, you stupid pussy, you've killed building-sized demons by the dozens but you can't tell he-***%%

He was suddenly pulled into a hug. Mithran, embracing him wholly, Ikari's tension sputtered into the wind. %blue%"You don't need to force yourself, Ikari-kun...I know what you really mean, under all that toughness...I wouldn't be a good girlfriend if I didn't, would I?%%

He returned the embrace, tightening it between them. And so they remained in silence for another minute, holding themselves. After the moment passed, he reluctantly released his grip. Ikari took a deep breath...before slamming his head against the wall. It immediately left a cratering mark. The undefeated knight, too surprised, was unable to say anything. Yet whereas his face was previously of a crimson shade, it was now determined - devoid completely of his semi-permanent anger. For just that moment, Ikari was at peace. He took another deep breath

%red%"Mithran..I really like you. A lot. I know it sounds like it came out of a stupid m-manga...but I do."%% He pulls the wordless knight towards him, taking her hands just as she previously had. %red%"The days after we went on missions together...those were the only times I didn't feel mad. I act like myself around you...and you don't treat me like shit because of it."%%

He gently tightens his grip, interlocking their fingers. 

%red%"Seein' you fly around the battlefield...wearing that suit...cutting down demons like it's nothin'...I like it. I like how you dont act high and mighty despite it. I like how you still find the time to do dumb stuff like that game we had in the fair...Even if I don't say it much. And it makes me feel like shit that I don't. So...just remember that, okay?"%%

Ikari leans forward, and for the second time, their lips meet. It lasts for a mere second. The delinquent stares patiently, waiting for an response. Mithran, on the other hand, is indecipherable - this time, it is her who has all but frozen. After another moment, her mind catches up, and her face gains a crimson color. She tries to cover her face with her hands - before realizing they are intertwined with Ikari. %blue%"Y-you dummy..telling me that after I told you there was no need...I like you a lot too you know?!"%%

They pull each other closely. Their third kiss - and fourth, and fifth, are all filled with unbridled purity of emotion. Forgetting the chocolate box entirely, Ikari and Mithran begin what could only be described as making out. And as the sun continues to lower down, they have no other worries on the world...

*White Day! Sugary indeed...It may be a simple day for most, yet for some, it signifies something more. And just as the winter gives turn to spring and new flowers bloom, the bud of Ikari and Mithran's affection had at last fully blossomed - angry, cringeworthy, and odd as it was..*

*Indeed, it was a sweet day...*
 ⠀
 ⠀
 ⠀
***
 ⠀
 ⠀
 ⠀
Mari listened closely, her ears planted on the door as if they had been glued in. She took a deep sigh of relief. %#7393B3%"I guess there was a heart under those scales after all..."%%

Her face blushed as she continued to hear the two inside. Suddenly deciding she was satisfied with what she had watched, she briskly locked the door, before speedily walking off. %#7393B3%"I should give then some privacy...they deserve it. I wish you both well."%%


#FIN (FOR REAL)