# Fog Forest

## Village Part

Daichi Kaneko woke up on his desk again, the second time this week. He would’ve marched to bed the night before if he gave himself good reason to. He rubbed his eyes open and checked outside to see that it had become daytime, although it was still plenty dark because of the fog that surrounded the place. He eyed the calendar nailed to the wall and marked off the day October 12th, 1960. He looked at the empty wooden basket labelled “Lost and Found”, remembering the night before where Isamu-chan grabbed his missing football and thanked him before running off back home. Shuffling through to the station’s kitchen, Daichi popped two slices of bread into the toaster before making some quick lunch in the form of a couple of onigiri balls and grilled fish. A brisk walk to the bathroom and the necessary morning shave later and the toast was ready. He ate the toast and slid the bento box containing his lunch into the fridge before readjusting his uniform, placing his hat on and grabbing his sanctioned weapon before heading out to the village. As the new police officer for Okkagi, it was his duty to make sure everyone was happy and safe. But throughout his first week, he’d never gotten a single report or claim. Days and nights in the small Koban where he was assigned to work were long and boring, they would’ve been easier to go through if anyone else was assigned with him. But because of the size of the village, he’d be the only one to look after Okkagi. Not that there was much to look after, everyone had the good knowledge to keep themselves indoors and only go out for groceries. Everyone kept to themselves and they all seemingly got on well with each other which made Daichi feel rather redundant. Redundant enough to feel as if he had to explore his new home in order to find a purpose.

Even in the daytime he found himself using his flashlight at all times to try and see through the fog, it instilled a sense of unease in Daichi. All of his training that he had to go through to become a police officer, he was never taught to navigate through such a thick fog. The village was almost a labyrinth at times, the brown houses and white shops seemed to collide and mix with each other, an unending and empty place to walk. The wooden structures that made the houses seemed taller than they were supposed to be because of the fog that clouded the sky, made it seem like they were crossing a flexible ceiling, made the buildings appear to be housing giants to him. It felt as if at times he was the only person to explore the village while everyone else either stayed at home or worked away from Okkagi. But today Daichi found himself lucky as he saw that the farmer’s market was open with a few people looking to buy something. All at once a mixture of pleasant smells and hidden conversations hit his nose and ears and he felt as if he had found something meaningful to do; talk with the people of this village to know who they are. He sees a young couple talking with the man selling fruit and vegetables and tries to listen closely, read into the conversation. “...didn’t he say he was only going out for a smoke?” The young man said, instantly arousing the suspicion of Daichi. “I’m pretty sure he did do so, I remember smelling tobacco outside.” The farmer responds. “It shouldn’t take an hour to have a smoke outside though, right?” “You’d think so but Tanaka-san barely gets any time to himself. With the wife, work and his kid always on his back, I’d make the most out of any time I could afford myself.” “Speaking of that kid, Isamu-chan, he went with his dad to play some football didn’t he? Did you see him go back inside?” “...Can’t say that I did. Do you think he went to the forest by himself?”

Daichi stopped listening after that and in the attempt to look rational, he got himself a ham and cheese sandwich and a slice of roll cake. A missing child case? Why wasn’t this reported to him? If it was a mere personal matter then it’d be okay but this was a child who might have disappeared into the forest. He’d heard many tales and warnings about the forest, about how no one should ever wander into the forest unless they have a death wish. Stories about things hiding in the fog and snatching away people and animals to feast on them. They’d be dragged to the center of the forest and laid in the middle so that they’d have a mound of corpses to eat from everyday. It was an old urban legend the kids would talk about amongst themselves, adding some new things to it every time it was told. He knew that they were just exaggerations but a child wandering alone in a forest is still a cause for concern. Not just a child but a child he knew, someone who came to him often to help go back home or to pick up something he had lost. He returned to his station and sat down for a moment to eat the cake slice. He held off on the sandwiches for now, they’ll be useful for later. He clicked on the radio to help him concentrate with some background noise, tuned to a news broadcast that was telling the weather in the Nagano Prefecture, a light drizzle of rain for the next 4 hours. He makes some coffee inside a kettle pot and fills up a thermos that is laid next to the lost and found basket. He couldn’t risk falling asleep in the forest so he had to power through the nights. He also grabbed the packed lunch from the fridge and placed all of the food into a satchel to keep on hand. Before he turns the radio off he freezes. Tanaka-san would be immensely helpful, he’d know what to look and hear out for. It’d take some convincing but he would need to have Isamu-chan’s father along with him to find him.

Remembering a day where he had to walk Isamu-chan back home, Daichi walked to the family home and stood by the door looking at the place. It was a fairly well-kept house, something befitting for a well-kept family. He rested his knuckles on the door and gave three knocks. Shortly thereafter, Tanaka-san opened the door to which Daichi responded with a short bow. “Excuse me, can I have your cooperation?” Tanaka-san was obviously in the process of dressing down with a loose tie around his neck and an untucked shirt that could be seen past his black jacket. His thick rimmed circle glasses were by the very edge of his nose and his grey balding hair looked as if it was in the middle of being combed. The surprise took Tanaka-san off-guard for a moment before he quickly gave a bow himself before widening the door to let him in. “Of course you can, Kaneko-san. What seems to be the issue?” Daichi removed his shoes and placed them in the space between the front door and the house before walking in. The interior was less clean than the exterior, dirty dishes that needed washing and a full trash bag resting by the wastebasket. “Sorry for the mess, my wife has been preoccupied with some personal matters.”  “No worries at all Tanaka-san. Do you have somewhere private to discuss this matter?” “I suppose the dining room won’t be occupied until a couple hours from now, why do you ask?” “It’s a matter concerning your son.” The colour in Tanaka-san’s face left him as he turned around to hide his expression. “I…see. Please follow me.” Quietly shuffling along to the dining room, the two knelt beside the table opposite each other. Tanaka-san buried his head in his hands briefly before looking back up to Daichi as he readjusted his glasses. “There’s no need for modesty. Tell me what’s happened to my son.”

For a minute, Daichi explained what he had known about what had happened from the farmer’s market and stated his hypothesis. By the end of it, Tanaka-san removed his glasses briefly to clean them before sliding them back onto the bridge of his nose. His expression flattened and became neutral, like he was sliding into the mode he took when he was in a business deal. “Didn’t think Isamu-kun would be one to go off on his home but I suppose it makes sense. That neighbour was right, I had gone out for a cigarette break for an hour when Isamu-kun came to check on me. I told him I was doing fine and that he didn’t need to see how I was doing because I wasn’t going to leave him. Then he asked me if we could go to the forest. I, of course, told him we absolutely couldn’t. He ran off in a fit and I went back inside for a nap that eventually turned into a sleep that lasted until next morning.” “I’m sorry but he absolutely couldn’t go to the forest? What would be the issue if you took him in, even just to the outskirts?” “...You don’t seem to be one for superstition Kaneko-san.” “I do not mean any offense but I believe in reality Tanaka-san.” “You may not mean offense but I shall gracefully take it. It is something I have seen with my own two eyes, the horrors that rest in that forest. Creatures in the shape of man but with wooden smiles and blades for hands. They skitter and dash through the leaves before they stab their prey and drag them to the centre. I..I used to bird watch in the forest with some binoculars. Only on the outskirts, looking deep into the forest to find interesting birds. My father would always protest but I didn’t care, I just wanted to watch them. One day I saw a flock of birds flying in all sorts of directions, squawking and cawing in a panic. I looked everywhere to try and find what was going on until I saw one of the creatures. It was plunging its hand into the throat of a dog. Not slashing it. Just stabbing, drawing out the suffering. It looked around to try and find more dogs when its eyes laid upon me. Those pinprick eyes…I ran as fast as I could back home, never looking back in case I saw it running after me. I’ve never entered the forest since.”

An uncomfortable silence held over the two as Kaneko-san took in everything that was said. That couldn’t be right, could it? Creatures like that shouldn’t exist, at least not in the way Tanaka-san had described them. Not even just in their appearance but in their actions too, doing something like that to an innocent creature seemed abnormal to him. But it wasn’t as if he could disprove it, there's no reason for Tanaka-san to lie to him about something of that nature. So if it was true, then that’d be all the more reason for him to find Isamu-chan. All the more reason to try and get Tanaka-san to help. “...I apologize for making light of your beliefs and experiences Tanaka-san. Allow me to start over and properly explain my reasoning for my appearance here.” “Alright. Make it quick though, I need to have a smoke.” “Yes, sorry. I would like for you to accompany me to the forest to look for Isamu-chan.” The salaryman simply looked blankly at him before rising up from his seat. “The visit was appreciated and I thank you for coming.” “Wait please, I need your help on this. You know Isamu-chan well, he answers to you. He doesn’t know me all that well, I couldn’t bring him back by myself. It’s a dangerous place in there and your son could be all alone-" ''What if he isn’t in the forest, eh? Maybe he’s simply at a friend’s place and he hasn’t told me.” “Has he ever done that before?” “Not necessarily-” “What’s the longest amount of time he’s been missing from the house?” “...for a couple of hours about a year ago when he was locked in class by mistake.” “So only in unusual circumstances has he been missing, yes? This is an unusual circumstance and you are going to be necessary in getting your son back.” “...You will have your revolver on you, yes? Fully alert at all times, ready to shoot any trouble?” “It is my duty to protect the innocent.” “Then I shall come with you. As long as you can promise my safety.” “I will lay my life on the line to ensure that you and your son will not be hurt.” “...I’ll grab my raincoat and bento, give me 10 minutes.”

The drizzle of rain started to pour on Okkagi by the time Tanaka-san emerged from the house, wearing a dark green raincoat that was over his businessman outfit. He had a ruck-sack on his back, metal rods sticking out from the sides. “Are you sure it’s safe to be camping in the forest?” “The less time spent in that forest looking for my son, the more danger he could be in. Besides, you’ll be keeping me safe.” “I understand. What should we be looking for exactly?” “A little kid wearing a bright green shirt, maybe his football too.” The two nodded at each other briefly before walking away from the village. It was about 5 minutes before they got to the entrance of the village and to the road that stretched out to elsewhere. The fog was ever present, thickening out the longer the road went. There were no entrances to the forest, no path leading up to it. The two had to shuffle up the slope leading into it, holding onto each other as to not slip. Tanaka-san wiped his glasses with his coat arm before setting off. “A word of advice Kaneko-san. Be on the outlook for large flat trails leading in. Those could be the bodies the creatures have dragged.” “Wait a moment. I should be the one leading, I’ve got the gun.” “Very good point. That and your eyes should be far more suited for looking through the fog than mine.” Swapping places, Daichi led the charge into the forest with his hand placed nearby his gun. Interweaving through the tightly packed trees that made the midday sky become night armed with a flashlight, it wasn’t long before something noteworthy was seen between the two of them in the cone of light: a single tree that was embedded with what seemed to be a hundred blades. Everything from kitchen knives, axes, swords, bayonets and pen knives were covering the tree. It didn’t seem possible to try and remove it, nor did it seem wise if one slipped and the tree would fall and alert the presence of something that could watch them. “Do you still want to continue Tanaka-san? No turning back after this.” The salaryman looked up briefly before shaking his head. “...Yes, yes I do. For the sake of my son.” “Then let’s go and rescue your son.” Daichi and Tanaka-san set forth again, prepared for the worst.
