Finally starting up the game, it didn't look like anything special. The title screen depicted Gaia in place of where Sonic would usually be, not in a cool pose or anything, just looking at the player and smiling. Oddly creepy, despite how innocent it looked.

I pressed the enter key to get into the game and it started instantly, seemingly taking this from the first two Sonic games. The screen showed the name 'Lush plains zone', and the background was exactly that, a bunch of flat greenery with the sun shining in the sky. It resembled the grassland you'd see on a farm.

And of course, Gaia was also there, waiting for me to start the level. I moved on and saw the collectable items that replaced rings, which seemed to be floating spheres of various colors. Weird, but it's definitely unique in a way..

I made my way near the middle and noticed that there were no enemies, just plain land and hills. Why? Was it maybe just a glitch? Honestly, it's pretty boring. Was it even worth continuing? I let those thoughts consume my mind until before I knew it, the Act was completed. For some odd reason I wanted to keep going, to get to the end of this fangame, despite how boring it currently was.

So I kept going. The next act was the same as the one before it, except unlike the one before it, there were enemies now. They looked like blobs poorly taking the shape of animals and people. They moved towards Gaia at a snails pace, it wasn't exactly clear what they were, but I obliterated them regardless. They were pretty ugly, and just looking at them pissed me off. What type of enemy design was that? It just makes me angry. Anyway, this act was also darker, and a forest was visible where there would normally just be sky.

The game was getting pretty fun now that there was more than just empty areas. A bit too simple, but I'm sure it'll get tougher as I progress right? Besides, I really liked playing as Gaia. She wasn't much different from Sonic in terms of gameplay, but simply being a fresh face helped! 

I've decided to play this to its end, it's pretty short according to the website, so I likely won't be playing for long anyway. Finishing the second act, I moved on, hoping to reach the second zone soon after the third act. But surprisingly, unlike the first Sonic game, this had only two acts per zone rather than three. That means I'll get finished with it quicker, nice!

I was thrust into the next zone, which lacked a name. It was the forest that was visible in Act 2 of Lush Plains. I traversed the level, continuing to defeat enemies. Oddly enough, now they seemed to be able to hold shape, looking less like creatures and more like odd looking people. And they weren't moving closer, instead attempting to move away from Gaia. Kind of an odd feature, what's the point of them being here then? I moved on, continuing to crush the enemies that were in my way. They let out small shrieks when Gaia jumped on them, and afterwards a small animation would play where Gaia shakes her head disapprovingly. What, was this game trying to appeal to my morality now? I paid it no mind, continuing to kill most of them. Was I supposed to care about them? Stomping on them was pretty relaxing for me, an easy stress reliever.

Act 2 wasn't much different visually, except in addition to it being dark, it was also storming, which affected Gaia's movement as well, naturally. While making my way through the act, I noticed Gaia had a small smile on her face unlike in the previous Acts. Was there a secret in this one or something? I guess I should stop questioning and move on. Progressing through the act, it got darker and darker. Gaia didn't seem to have a reaction to this change, still smiling.