Fur and flaming cities should not mix.

Rika had a well-developed pain tolerance, but the smoldering embers getting into her fur every few seconds was wearing it thin. Her vest and undershirt were singed near to ruins, her pants were only slightly better, and her shoes were sticking to melting asphalt. Still she advanced through the ruins, ducking out of sight of the larger machines that trundled through. "Eggma'am" had announced herself only a day ago, and already things were as bad as they'd been during the last mess.

So here she was, going deeper into enemy territory instead of running away like everyone else. Someone had paid her for this, the recovery of certain materials within the flaming wrecks was worth a pretty ring. She was almost willing to cut her losses, turn around, and take the half payment she already had. Almost. She climbed over another fallen building, glass crunching underfoot and inaudible over the crackles and pops of fire. A hand ran through her hair, sweeping out any possible stray embers; and she looked around with wary eyes.

There. The lumbering machines with their energy guns and capture nets were moving in a V formation down the street, chrome-plated metal gleaming and reflecting the firelight. This was what her employer wanted: "samples" of the new robots. She jumped down from her high ground, making herself known to the pawns. As one, they chirped alert noises and whirled on her, but by that point she was already in their midst. The flying drones had to go down first, so she jumped and kicked off the shell of one of the bots, lunging with her sword. In an instant one of the robots was skewered, and she twisted as the thrusters on it cut out, throwing it down below herself. The second of the two flying machines turned and started raining glowing yellow shots on her, the asphalt and concrete absorbing the energy "bullets" easily.

Several of those shots scored into her gut, but they were set to "stun" - the intent was to capture victims and crush their hiding places, not to slaughter - and so she could bear the pain. Hiding behind one of the robot's companions would only work so long as it was unable to attack back: she cut it's arms off at the joints, her hardened blade carving through the copper wiring and thin armor of the limbs. Spring-loaded cables whipped out with audible cracks with each slice, and electricity sparked, but this robot was crippled and couldn't attack her for the moment. That meant it served as great-

A metal foot caught her in the knee, almost breaking the leg. Rika went to the ground hard, rolling and getting covered in asphalt stains as the hot road stuck to her. More energy bolts ripped across her back and side, kicking her further down the street and to the frying-pan remains of a sidewalk. She found her footing, but any confidence had fled. Trying to disarm these things had been stupid: she should have just skewered into it's braincase or battery and used it's lifeless corpse instead. Now she was in what might be called "a bad way".

"Well ain't that a bitch and a half." She spat to try and clear her mouth of burning hot rocks, but it took wiping it onto her glove instead. "They stopped shooting."

She looked up, flicking her wide blade out and feeling grateful for it's sharp edge as the nylon net that had been about to crash on her was instead cut in half. Cutting something that was "loose" like that was harder than it looked, the net could have given way and wrapped around her sword, which would have been bad. The nebulous "energy" came like hail afterwards, so she dove behind a bit of rubble, still trying to gather spit to remove the aftertaste of asphalt. The flying drone came overhead with a second net cannister loaded, but that was what she'd been looking for. Lunging upwards, she grabbed it in her free hand and whipped her legs to grab it between her thighs. A jerk of her body sent it and it's gun twisting towards the remaining robots, and the net shot out with a dull THUMP just before the drone started falling to the ground under her weight. With that to distract the other machines, she was able to roll with the fall and recover faster than her victim. A good stomp later and it wasn't going to be flying ever again.

That left her with five robots that were starting to circle around the cover she was abusing.

At this point the taste in her mouth was nothing but a distraction, she shoved it out of mind and kept her tongue firmly behind her teeth so she wouldn't bite it off as opposed to trying to scrape the "flavor" off like she had been. As she whirled around the cover, she slammed her sword in a low arc, cutting the legs off one of the metal warriors. The others started to open fire, even the one at her feet, but she hauled it up in one hand and caught the majority of the shots. Tossing that shell into the midst of the rest, she came fully out of cover and went on the attack. A quick skewer to the visor cut the eyes of one and allowed her to aim it at the others, and then kick it down to shoot the ground and get stuck in melting streetstone. With the machines on the back foot, she lunged ahead and cut down two more in singular blows. Slashes worked on the thin legs and fragile camera glass, but for their hard shells she had to stab and put both arms into it. She was used to the effort, putting her weight into the skewering motion and then shifting back to free the sword as she turned towards her next target.

The last robot had it's arms severed, and then it's legs. She left it alive otherwise.

This was the real hard part. She'd have to make multiple trips back from this location, all without getting into another fight. In a city that was on fire.

"Cheers and celebrations for me." She muttered, looking at her scuffed reflection in her blade and rubbing ashes out of her hair. "This'll be easy money."