Aubrey swung her sword at a reanimated skeleton, crushing its bones as the metal hit stone. The shattered bones crumbled to the floor. Aubrey the Berserker was too busy with her current opponents that she didn't hear the skeleton sneaking up behind her. It raised it's bony arm up, sword held in reanimated fingers. However, as it was about to swing it, a Moonlit Katana sliced right through it. Aubrey turned around to see Sunny the Swordmaster looking back at her. She watched as he used his swift hands and pulled out a flintlock, shooting one of the skeletons, destroying its skull. "Took you long enough." She said between breaths. Sunny straightened his form. "Sorry for being late. The Eye of Umbra was guarded by a few golems." Huffing, Aubrey put the sword onto her shoulder as Sunny walked up next to her. "Let's finish up here and get out of here." Sunny summoned his Red Hands, a magic spell that helped him greatly. "Eagerly."
...
...
...
The Berserker and Swordmaster treaded the dirt path towards their camp. As they made their way, a sudden grunt stopped their tracks. Their weapons were already out, expecting bandits to leap at them. Their eyes sharp as they slowly walked closer. "Y-You'll be fine. The mother of light will make sure of that." A nervous voice was heard. Curious, the two companions stepped around until... they saw a Dragon Knight laying with her back against a tree. Her serpent eyes quickly moved over at the two. A scowl appeared on her face. "What do you want?" Came her voice, as hot as magma. It was only then that they noticed the Scholar of light, staring at them. He was blonde and of eyes as blue as the ocean. Sheathing his sword, Sunny reached into his back and pulled out a healing vial. Walking forth, he knelt down and offered it to the injured Dragon Knight. "Here. It'll ease your wounds." Reluctantly taking it, the Dragon Knight popped the cork with her teeth and chugged down the reflective, crimson liquid. After a few seconds, the potion's effects kicked in. Closing her wounds and giving the Dragon Knight her lost vigor back. "T-Thank you." Said the Scholar. Sunny turned towards them. "We're close to our camp. Thou can come with if it's thy desire." Looking at each other, the two new people nodded before gathering their items and following the two sword-users.
...
...
...
"My name is Kim."
"And mine is Basil."
The two arrivals introduced themselves. The entire camp, composed of Hero the Paladin, Kel the Fighter, Aubrey and Sunny listened. Hero had made some hot stew for the newcomers. "So, what are your stories?" Came Kel's voice. Both newcomers exchanged glanced before looking back at them. Basil opened his mouth first. "I'm a Scholar of Light. I-I was tasked by the holy mother, Polly. She sent me on a quest to spread out ways to others." Basil said. "I am a Dragon Knight. Well, I WAS one, before the fall of our kingdom at least." Kim told them. As one question was answered, another one arose. "So, how did you two meet?" Questioned Kel, the Kanine-human. Kim once again opened her mouth. "When I was fighting off Harpies, Basil appeared. He was not expecting us so far into the cliffs, yet here we were. As the beasts caught me off-guard, I was sliced by their sharp talons. Just when my jugular was sliced, Basil cast a spell. 'Nature's Caress' I believe it was called. Once the Harpies flew off, he helped me up." Basil then continued for her. "A-After I healed my companion's wounds, I then decided to learn more about her fallen kingdom. While it was an intriguing tale, it was also a sad one. I decided to help the best I could. It is what the light mother would have wanted from all her surrogate children." As their tales were told, a pair of footsteps could be heard. Looking towards the wooden gate, they saw a man enter. He wore armor fitted for a warlord, yet carried himself with a silent grace.
https://files.catbox.moe/dz4bsq.png
Sunny stood up, welcoming their friend. "I'm happy for thy return, lord Ares. Didst thou slay the Emerald Knights?" A nod came from their mute friend before he came towards the campfire. Stabbing his sword into the ground. His eyes loomed over at the two new individuals, giving them a good once-over before the fire once again reflected in his vision. "Welcome to our home, new ones. I accept anyone, even hollows or tarnished." Said a voice as sharp as a well-oiled blade. It looked like they were here to stay....
