Link was ready. He'd spent the past two weeks watching a nest of lizalfos, observing its inhabitants. Several females were present in the den, only identifiable by their smaller stature. He had studiously watched their interactions with the males- when propositioned, a female will bow her head and purr if she accepts the male's advances. Link hoped to employ the same tactic tonight. 

He was wearing a set of Gerudo vai clothing, which he preferred since it afforded ease of access. He downed a few bottles of precautionary elixirs, and stashed all of his non-essentials in a rocky alcove. The only things he had on hand were a jar of chuchu jelly, and some lizalfos pheromones which he promptly applied to his person. He took a deep breath and approached the cave, whistling to get the attention of its scaled inhabitants while raising his hands to show that he had no weapons. They were upon him immediately, and manhandled him back to their cave where he was unceremoniously thrown to the floor. A few curious females peeked at him through the crowd of males while they roughly searched him. 

The crowd promptly backed away, revealing a massive gold lizalfos- its hide was a patchwork of terrible scars, it was easily the largest lizard Link had ever seen. His breath caught when the ancient beast leaned in close to inspect him, drawing in his scent. The lizard paused, and smelled Link again, more intently this time. It croaked at him, somewhat inquisitively. Sensing his opportunity, Link imitated what he had seen the females do- he tucked his head and did his best approximation of their purring croak. The huge male drew up to its full height and pulled aside its loincloth, revealing a genital slit. Link crawled forward on his hands and knees, scarcely breathing, and reached up towards the gold lizalfos' nethers. He gently traced the perimeter of the slit, which caused the lizard to buck against him. Its two-pronged member slowly protruded from the slit until it was fully erect, gently bobbing up and down from the lizard's heartbeat. Link drew himself up to the alien-looking prick and took a deep whiff of the lizalfos' arousal, while applying some chuchu jelly to his palms as lubrication.  The lizalfos was big- its prick split off at the base into two members, which tapered down in girth and were covered in prehensile tendrils. At its widest he could just barely close his hand around it. The lizalfos’ musk was intoxicating, he drew the lowermost cock into his mouth and moaned. It’s taste was salty and bitter, the waving tendrils giving its member a unique texture. 

Evidently hygiene was not a concern among the lizalfos, since its cocks had a layer of filth within the waving nodes. Link used his tongue to scrape out the smegma from the nooks and crevices of the lizard’s rank member, while bobbing his head on it. When he was satisfied that the lower member was adequately clean, he moved onto the second prick. When he finished cleaning them up, he looked up at the lizard and made a show of chewing and swallowing the literal filth that had been coating its cocks. The lizalfos shuddered, it looked quite taken with his efforts. With its pricks nice and clean, Link opened his mouth wide and lolled his tongue out, giving the lizalfos an opportunity to take the lead. It grabbed the back of his head and pulled him forward so that the two cocks were resting against his face. They were burning hot, he drew one into his mouth and the lizard fell into a steady, thrusting rhythm. He used his free hand to pump its other cock, which elicited a pleasured hiss from the lizard. It began pumping erratically, likely coming close to climaxing- Link reached behind the lizard and slipped some lubed up digits into its backside, curling them inwards. The lizalfos immediately seized up, and shot a huge load into his mouth and face. He scraped the jism from his face into his mouth, and swallowed. 

The lizalfos shuddered from its powerful climaxes, which gave Link an idea. He motioned for the lizalfos to stay put, walked around to its backside and lifted its tail up to rest on his shoulder. The lizard shifted uncomfortably, not understanding Link's intentions. Sparing a glance to his audience, Link realized every one of the males were sporting erections- they'd get their turn later. Turning his attention back to the gold lizalfos, Link inspected its back entrance, which was immediately beneath the base of the tail. Its pucker was large and wrinkled; Link blew a short wisp of air towards it, which caused it to erratically wink. The lizalfos made to move away but Link reached around and gave the lizard a reassuring stroke. Link pressed his nose against its entrance, and breathed deep- it was a masculine scent, immediately overpowering and quite pungent. Not as pleasant a scent as a lynel's pucker, but most lizalfos had a fish-based diet. Link tentatively reached out with his tongue and traced the contours of the lizard's asshole, while stroking its slowly hardening cocks with both hands. The lizalfos sat back into Link's tongue, using its tail as a kickstand to keep it upright. Link probed deeper into its hole, which constantly contracted around his tongue, as if desperate to force him back out. Its taste was exquisite, wild, grassy, and coppery. Planting his lips around its asshole and sucking, he painted the inner walls of its colon with his tongue, eliciting a grumbling moan from the lizalfos. He redoubled his efforts on the lizard’s front half, firmly pumping each shaft. With a grunt, the lizalfos stiffened up, clamping down on Link’s bottomed out tongue. Stream upon stream of batter erupt from its twin cocks, filling the cavern with the distinct smell of spunk. Link gently licked the lizard’s hole while easing out the rest of its powerful orgasm. With a ‘pop’, Link disconnected from its anus, still linked though by a few errant strands of spittle. He eased the exhausted lizard to the ground and gestured to his audience that he’s ready for round two.

The first group approached while Link applied the jelly to his nethers, each of the lizalfos were sporting a rock hard erection- among them was a silver bokoblin that Link had not seen before. The first of them- the bokoblin- roughly pushed Link to his back before it planted its ass on his face. Evidently it wanted the same treatment as the gold lizalfos. The stench was unbelievable, it’s bright red pucker pulsing in anticipation. It ground itself into his face, urging Link onward. Unlike the scaled lizalfos, bokoblins had coarse hair on their nethers, which brushed against Link’s face as he drew closer to the bokoblin’s hole. He parted the dense curtain of hair with his hands, finding the perineum with his tongue and tracing it down towards the prize. The bokoblin’s fetid scrotum rested on Link’s nose, filling his head with the bokoblin’s overpowering stink. Its hole spasmed as Link plunged inside, gagging as he did so. He worked his tongue further and further inside the rancid hole until it hilted. Slowly, the bokoblin began rocking on his face, fucking itself with his tongue. As Link reached down to touch himself the fleshy bristled dick of a lizalfos pressed against his asshole, parting his ass agonizingly slow. Its uppermost cock brushed against his own member, which he drew into his grasp and began frotting against. 

The bokoblin redoubled its efforts, earnestly pounding its rear into his face while stroking itself. Its hairy pucker undulated around his tongue, each thrust pulling it deeper into the incredibly bitter hole. The bokoblin seized up, bottoming out against his tongue and thrusting heavily against Link’s face. A veritable fountain of cum gushed from its cock, liberally coating Link with spunk. The bokoblin slowly lifted from off of Link’s tongue, leaving behind a foul aftertaste. It hooked a clawed finger into Link’s mouth, forcing it open. After taking painstaking efforts to scrape its emissions back into his waiting mouth, it presented its putrid cock to him. The bokoblin angled its prick towards his face and began pissing into Link’s waiting mouth, causing him to sputter. Link made a show of licking his lips with great relish before he gargled the vile concoction. The bokoblin plucked some stray pubic hairs and added them to the mixture, before clamping Link’s nose shut. With a monumental effort, he swallowed it without a hitch.
