`The Wifwolf Hunter`
It was a clear, starry night. The full moon crested over the horizon, casting a pale glow over the rolling hills. Deep in the thickest forest, where no man dared to tread, a hulking figure emerged from the gloom. Massive and powerful, a humanoid figure twisted into bestial form, she strode into the clearing and poised herself atop a boulder. Her chest swelled as she breathed in the cool night air, then threw her head back in a long powerful howl. The mournful note echoed through the trees and off the distant mountains, soon joined by the distant notes of her lesser kin. Their calls were meek, subservient to her dominating presence. They knew their undisputed sovereign was here, and they dared not challenge her. Throughout the forest animals dived for cover and cowered in their dens. Flickering lights far down in the valley below winked out one by one as terrified villagers barred their doors and windows. She grinned in anticipation, claws scraping across the granite she perched on. Another night had begun, and with a full moon no less. For too long she had feared nights such as this, battled against the animal instincts surging within her soul, but no longer. Those petty fears and inhibitions were dead and buried. For months now the beast had ruled, and nothing would hold back her indulgence. She leapt off the boulder and bolted into the thickets, legs surging as the branches whipped past her ears. The monochrome moonlight filtering through the canopy blended with her grey and black coat, making her all but invisible in the shadows. Despite her size she was almost silent as she sprinted through the undergrowth, leaping over logs and brambles. The wind rustled the thick mane of fur that trailed past her shoulders as her amber eyes pierced through the gloom, spying every detail as the trees sped past her. This was her domain, and she knew it well. She could hear the tiniest of vermin as they scurried and scrambled out of her path, easy to catch if she had the mind to. Such small morsels wouldn’t satiate her appetite. A familiar hunger was rising in her gut, spurning her on as she began to salivate. Her instincts demanded that she hunt, to hound her prey until she could taste it’s fear, to drive them into the ground and prove that nothing could escape her pursuit. She wanted to see terror and defeat in their eyes as she tore into their flesh.

She stopped and planted a paw against a tree, heartbeat pounding in her chest. A new scent tickled her nose, faint and indistinct on the evening breeze. She sniffed into the air, trying to place it. This was not one of the usual scents of the forest, and yet it seemed somehow familiar. The memory of it escaped her, just out of reach. Perhaps it had once belonged to her previous life. She shook her head, dispelling such troublesome thoughts. It didn’t matter. If it was prey, she would hunt it. If it was a trespasser, she would slay it. She took off again into the night, following the strange scent higher into the foothills. Her pace slowed to a careful prowl as she approached the source, ears flicking side to side. She could hear something now, the fearful bleating of a distressed animal. She crept closer, another memory tugging at the back of her subconscious. Peering through the foliage, she spotted what was intruding in her domain. A small spindly animal covered in thin white wool stood in the center of a clearing, bleating into the darkness.

This would be easy, effortless even. She could close the distance in an instant a rip this pitiful creature apart in seconds. Something held her back. A niggling feeling in the back of her mind told her that something was wrong. Her ears swiveled, searching behind the faint chorus of insects for anything unusual. Her eyes scanned through the twilight as she sniffed at the air. The animal, a lamb she recalled, paced nervously in place. It couldn’t see her, but it could sense her malicious presence nearby. Yet it didn’t run, it stayed fixed to the same spot. She was sure of it now, something was very wrong, but she didn’t know what. Curiosity compelled her forward. She took a few cautious steps out of cover, unsure what she was waiting for. She stooped low and crept closer on all fours, the damp grass silencing her footsteps. It took the lamb a few second to notice her approach. It bleated in terror and tried to bolt, but something held it’s back leg in place. It writhed and squirmed as she approached, desperate to escape certain death, but she paid it no mind. She could see now why it couldn’t run, it’s leg was bound with fine rope and staked to the ground. She was confused. Someone had done this, but why?

It was the sound that saved her, a faint rasp of wood sliding against wood. She moved in an instant, a streaking bolt striking her shoulder where her heart had been a moment before. She howled as a lance of burning pain shot down her arm, her free paw clawing at the wound. She ripped the wooden shaft out of her, moonlight glinting off a silver arrowhead. She snapped the arrow between her fingers with a snarl, eyes scanning the forest for her assailant. Adrenaline coursed through her veins, her claws flexed as she searched the trees. She could see nothing, smell nothing. Her tail lashed behind her as she tensed, waiting for the next attack. Another arrow streaked out of the darkness, tore through her ear, and clattered against a trunk behind her. She snarled in pain in frustration, the wounds on her ear and shoulder itching with pain. They should have knit themselves together by now, but that damned silver burned like fire. The wind shifted overhead, and a new scent brushed against her nose. Her head whipped toward it’s source, and as the moonlight flickered through the swaying branches she saw her ambusher. A man crouched in the undergrowth, longbow held in his hands. His clothes were well made and practical, mottled in hues of grey to blend into his surroundings. His blue eyes reflected the moonlight, and she could see the cold determination behind them. He had come to kill her, and he knew how to do it. With a bloodthirsty roar she charged at him, hindlegs tearing up clods of dirt behind her. He held his ground in the face of her fury and drew back, pointing another arrow at her chest. She realized the danger and rolled aside, the deadly bolt flying wide. 

The hunter didn’t waste his opportunity. He turned and ran, racing off into the darkness. The wolf regained her footing with a snarl and chased after him, anger boiling up inside of her. The audacity of this man to enter her domain and attempt to hunt her. He had come close, she had to admit, but he had blown his one chance. He would die a slow and painful death for this insult, forced to watch as she feasted on his flesh. She crashed through the undergrowth as he fled, claws shredding through branches and brambles in her path. She was far faster than the hunter, but he was smaller and knew how to exploit it. He weaved between the trees, slipping into spaces she had to force her way through. This was no desperate escape in blind panic, he had prepared the way. Several times she almost stumbled into strange metal jaws hidden beneath the leaves and in the shadows. They forced her to slow her pace, lest she stumble into them, her rage burning ever hotter. The chase continued downhill, rocks and stones tumbling down the slope as they ran. This entire forest was well known to her, and she knew there was no escape where he headed. Soon he would be cornered between a wide river and a sheer cliff, a waterfall cascading where the two met. Slaver began to drip from her jaws as the inevitable grew closer, eyes locked on her prey. She would gorge on his flesh and make him regret ever stepping foot into her forest. The tree line began to thin out as the sound of rushing water grew closer and the distance to her prey diminished. The river to their left was too wide and fast to cross, and the cliff was too treacherous to scale. He was close now, a few scant inches out of reach, and she prepared to lunge. At the last moment he twisted, snatched something from his belt, and threw it hard at the ground. A flash of light as bright as the sun erupted, the wolf howling in surprise as her irises burned. She shielded her face and skid to a halt, trying to blink away the harsh afterimages. Through her blurred vision, she spotted the hunter sprinting toward the waterfall’s edge. She took off after him, but it was too late. He leapt, his legs cycling in the air for a moment before gravity took hold. He dropped like a stone, plummeting down into the frothing water below with a mighty splash. The wolf stopped at the cliff’s edge, gripping the stone with her claws as she leaned over the precipice. The water below churned violently, the rumble of the waterfall deafening her ears. She snarled in frustration, her tail whipping back and forth as her eyes scanned the thick mist for her prey. If he had survived the drop, he could still be alive. She found herself hoping that he was. It was more than just her desire to exact revenge. To end an exciting chase with such an anticlimax felt disappointing, as if she had been cheated of her prize. The wolf paced back and forth with a small whine. She would only be satisfied if she got her own claws on him.

Further downstream something surfaced from under the water, and she felt a strange sensation of relief. The hunter gasped for air, kicking along with the current as it carried him. He wiped the water off his face as he turned back to look behind him. He couldn’t see as well as she could in the dark, but her massive silhouette against the starry sky was impossible to miss. She felt her heartbreak quicken when he grinned up at her. He was cocky, arrogant! It was tempting to leap into the river after him, but uncertainty held her back. She didn’t know what lay beneath the churning water. A broken leg would mend itself in minutes, but that could be all the time he needed to turn the tables on her. Besides, she didn’t know what other tricks he might have prepared for her. She grinned, licking her chops as she watched the hunter drift out of sight. The night was still young, she could afford to take her time and savor the chase. Finding a way down the cliff would give him a head start, but he wouldn’t get far. The hunt was far from over.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The moon had risen high into the sky as the wolf prowled through the underbrush, silent and alert. Insects whined and buzzed around her as an owl called out in the distance. She crept by unseen on all fours, ears swiveling toward every noise. This was supposed to be her domain, she had never been forced to creep around like this before. The indignity infuriated her, but this prey warranted it. For hours now they had stalked and chased each other, trading ambuscades. Twice now the hunter had escaped her claws since the waterfall, and twice had he circled back on her as she stalked him. A burning cut along each arm proved how close he had come to finding his mark, and the incessant pain kept her mind focused. This was the most exhilarating hunt she could remember, but she was determined to win. Her nose flexed as the scent of her quarry grew stronger, and she resisted the urge to rush forward. This prey was cunning and quick. He was not to be trifled with, and she continued to approach with caution. The river water had served to conceal him from her keen nose for a while, but it’s effect was fading. His strength was beginning to wane as well. His endurance was impressive but still limited, while she was tireless. He would not escape this time. She knew this would be their final bout, one way or another.

She pawed across the damp grass, eyes bright and alert. Through the dense leaves of the underbrush, she spotted her prey. He sat crouched against a sturdy tree, his eyes locked on a small game trail that snaked between the trees. He had followed it for the past hour, and no doubt was expecting her to do the same as she followed him. This time she had caught on his to tactics and circled around behind him. He stayed completely motionless, bow held at the ready as he waited. He would have been impossible to notice from the trail, but from here she had a clear sight. Her arms and legs tensed, her waist wiggling in the air. Her eyes dilated to their fullest as she waited for the perfect moment. The hunter twitched, his head turning a scant inch to the side. Perhaps something instinctual was warning him what was about to happen. She pounced, claws extended and teeth bared. He reacted in an instant and tried to roll away, but it was impossible to move in time. She swiped the bow out of his hand with one massive paw, her claws snapping the bowstring in two. She planted her other paw against his chest and pinned him against the forest floor, pressing down on his ribs. He gasped as her weight forced the air out of his lungs, both arms struggling to push her off of him. She grinned down on him as he writhed, slaver dripping down onto his face. He grabbed a fistful of the fur on her arm as he fought and managed to wrench something free from his belt. He bared his teeth in a grimace as he drove a knife into her forearm, burying the blade up to the hilt. She snarled in pain as he wriggled out from under her paw, fumbling with a small pouch on his belt. He flipped off the clasp and retrieved a small corked vial filled with a dark green liquid. He hesitated for just a moment, then uncorked it and brought the vial to his lips. She didn’t know what that was, but she was through with his tricks. She backhanded it out of his grasp, the glass vial shattering against the ground away from them. The acidic smell of poison and death assaulted her nose as the concoction bubbled and singed the grass around it. A deep threatening growl rumbled in her throat as she yanked the steel blade out of her arm and pitched it behind her. She admired his determination to defy her to the very end. She loathed the audacity to try and steal her final prize. 

She grabbed his ankle as he tried to scramble away, the wound on her arm already closing up. He kicked and pulled at the grass, but it was useless. There was no way he could overpower her. Her heartbeat quickened as she pulled him back across the ground and pinned down his shoulders, positioning herself over him. She looked down at his face, watching his tortured expression as he struggled. She wanted to see the moment he gave up, when he realized he could do nothing to stop the inevitable. He tried to push her off him with his legs, but she was twice his size. His arms were useless pinned under her massive paws, but he twisted and pulled regardless. She loved watching him squirm. He struggled for several minutes before he stopped, panting for breath. His stoic expression began to crack as he looked up at her, confusion clear in his eyes. He had expected her to tear him to shreds, and she shivered at the prospect. Oh, how she longed to indulge her insatiable appetite by tearing off his limbs and sinking her teeth into his flesh. Her instincts screamed for blood, but there was something else now. A deeper, more primal urge had begun to smolder over the hours of her hunt, growing stronger every time he eluded her or turned the tables. Now that she was on top of him, those embers had ignited into a raging inferno that demanded to be quenched. The hunter gulped as she raised one extended claw to the hem of his coat, hooking it under the collar. The fabric tore like paper as she dragged her paw down his chest, his garment falling away to his sides. His skin shone with sweat under the moonlight, his scarred chest rising with each breath. She drank in the sight, tail wagging behind her as her gaze traced his muscles. He was strong, fast, and cunning. He had proven as much throughout this night. No other creature had ever pushed her as hard as he had. Nobody had ever come so close to besting her. He will make a fine sire for her pups.

A thick musky scent was rising in the air, strong enough that even the hunter’s dull nose could pick it up. His eyes widened in confusion, then shock as he realized what was happening. A deep threatening growl rumbled in the wolf’s throat as he prepared to struggle again, freezing him in place. She admired his tenacity, but she was through playing games. Her eyes conveyed all the threats she needed as she leaned downward, her paw pressed firmly against his bare chest. The hunter bit his lip and dared not move as he watched her nose press into his groin. She sniffed and prodded, breathing in his scent. Despite his fear, his body was starting to betray him. She could feel him begin to stiffen under her attention, a conspicuous bulge growing between his legs as he twitched. She growled in anticipation, and as another warning to stay put. Her claws hooked around his waist as she prepared to shred his leggings, but she saw something tied to his belt she hadn’t noticed before. A collection of large canine incisors, strung together as macabre trophies. They were massive, some even larger than her own. Were these taken from other of her kind that he had slain? Rather than disgust her, the discovery field her with pride. She had triumphed where they had failed. Here was definitive proof that she was superior, and that he truly was a worthy mate. She locked eyes with her prey, relishing in the conflicting emotions of hate and anticipation on his face. She made sure he could see her teeth as she yanked down his trousers, shredding the fabric and tracing thin red lines along his legs. His member flopped free, thick and semi-erect. The smell tickled her nose, sending a surge of warmth up her belly. She lowered her snout, blowing puffs of warm air from her nose over his underside. He tensed as she opened her maw, glistening fangs on full display. She dragged her tongue up his length, slaver dripping onto his crotch in thick ropes. He sucked in air between his teeth, desperate to stifle himself. Her tongue was large enough to wrap around the sides of his shaft, the rough texture adding to the intensity. She coated it from top to bottom in long slow licks, his member growing with each heartbeat. He gripped handfuls of grass, toes curling as he tried to shut his mind off from what she was doing to him. She nuzzled and stroked his fully erect member, enjoying his pained expression. She slipped him into her mouth, a shuddering curse escaping his lips as she swirled her tongue around his head. Her teeth grazed against him as she bobbed, but she made sure to keep the points from slicing him. She needed him intact for later. Rivulets of viscous drool ran between his legs as she lapped at him, pooling together in the grass below his groin. The wet, lewd sounds of her sucking mixed with the droning of insects, the forest around them indifferent to what was happening. He legs and fingers twitched with involuntary movement as tried to withstand her assault, but he was crumbling faster and faster. He was close now, she could hear his breathing shorten and his pulse race as his member grew even harder. She glanced her tongue against his head one last time as she slid his member out of her mouth, it’s thick coating of drool reflecting the moonlight. 

The hunter let out a pained groan of disappointment as she pulled away, his waist thrusting upward in futility. She rose to her full height, looking down at the human sprawled in the grass below her. He stared back at her, twisted emotions warring behind his face. He still had some strength left. He could try to flee, as futile as that would be. However, she knew how badly he wanted to stay. She could see in the way his gaze traced the shape of her legs, the curve of her waist, and the thick fluff of her chest. She was the epitome of primal beauty and lust, carved by the very forces of nature. Like a blind man granted sight, his eyes were now open to what was in front of him. His rational mind railed against his animal instincts, and she knew from experience which was the inevitable victor. He swallowed hard, still terrified of her, but he didn’t move. She took his inaction as surrender.

She stepped forward, planting her paws on either side of his head. The fur between her legs was damp with her arousal, the anticipation of what was to come almost irresistible. She was still just cognizant enough to prolong the experience. The hunter stared up at her with bated breath, waiting to see what she would do. With a wolfish grin she dropped down onto his face, sandwiching his head between her muscular thighs. He struggled under her weight as she wiggled into position, her tail brushing against his bare chest behind her. She ground her groin against his face to encourage him to get to work, but he kept squirming. She had pleasured him a few minutes ago, and how she wanted him to return the favor. A small growl rumbled in her throat as he refused to get the picture. She grabbed a fistful of his hair and forced his head into place. He seemed to grasp what she wanted as she felt his breath brush against her folds. Her breath hitched as he traced a timid lick around her vulva, and she rumbled in appreciation. She kept a firm grip on his hair as he grew bolder, dragging his tongue up the length of her lips. His tongue was small, but delightfully smooth against her delicate skin. She pushed him in deeper, and he allowed her to guide him to her favorite spots. Her tongue rolled out of her mouth as his tongue flicked against her clit, sending sparks of pleasure up her spine. She was panting now, her breath fogging in the air as drool dripped into his hair. His face and chin were soaked with her arousal, her thrusts smearing it around his mouth. His fear and trepidation had evaporated by now. He mouthed and lapped around her sex obediently as she whined and whimpered in pleasure. She was pleased he was learning his place so well, she really had chosen a perfect mate. Her thighs squeezed against his head as her pleasure mounted, and she did nothing to stifle her sounds of pleasure. The hunter wrapped his arms around her legs and delved his fingers into her thick fur, his oral ministrations increasing in intensity. It was getting harder for him to breath, and the wolf had little regard for his safety. For his own sake he tried to get her off as soon as possible, assaulting her clit and folds with his tongue. With a long shuddering howl she came, her entire body shaking as orgasmic bliss rocked her core. She kept a firm grasp of his hair as he drew out her pleasure for as long as possible, her powerful pelvic muscles trying to wring out an absent cock.

She drew back from the hunter once the euphoria passed, her lips connected to his mouth by long drooping strands of lubrication. He coughed and gasped for air as he tried to wipe his face clean, but he would need a towel to get it all. The wolf’s eyelids drooped as she drank in the flustered expression on her prey’s face. She wasn’t through with him yet though, the best was still to come. She raised her waist and shimmied backwards, dropping onto his groin. The sudden weight on his hips and the sensation of her fur sliding across his member jolted the hunter out of his stupor. His eyes were wide with terror and apprehension as she ground their groins together, smearing her copious fluids across his shaft. They both knew this was the point of no return for him. Whatever flimsy justifications he had told himself wouldn’t survive this last step. Some part of him knew it was already too late, she had no intention of letting him back out. She reached down and grasped him between her fingers, aligning the head of his cock with her drooling slit.

The hunter shivered as the warmth of her sex kissed his tip, and he fought against the sudden urge to buck up into her. She held him down all the same, spearing herself with agonizing slowness so she could savor each fold he pushed through. Her ears folded back as she took him to the hilt, the gnawing hunger inside her belly replaced with the delicious sensation of fullness. The hunter’s mouth fell open in a silent gasp as her insides kneaded and squeezed around him, her muscles more powerful than anything he could have anticipated. They gripped and pulled at him as she raised herself a few inches, then dropped down with enough strength to force a gasp out of him. She had been holding herself back for so long, but now her patience had run out. His cock plunged into her over and over as her pace increased and she drove him down into the ground. The fur around her groin was soaked and matted with her juices, her pants and yips of pleasure echoing between the trees around them. She hadn’t realized how much she needed this before tonight. To think she had wanted to flay this man alive when they first met, what a terrible waste that would have been. She wanted more, she needed more! She felt the aching absence each time his cock left her, and the blissful satisfaction when it filled her again. Despite their difference in size, he was a perfect fit. He really did belong to her.

The hunter struggled to keep himself together under her onslaught. The sensations were overpowering, casting out everything around him other than her presence. There was only the heat of her body, the texture of her fur, and the intense wet pleasure of their union. Nothing else existed besides her, this primeval goddess that had mounted him. His arms stretched out like a drowning man searching for a handhold, and he found purchase on the thick fur of her waist. His fingers traced the thick cords of muscle hidden under her coat, his hands running up her smooth belly. She grinned down at him as he floundered, lost in a euphoric haze. He may have been a worthy adversary in their mutual hunt, but here she was the alpha. She let out an encouraging whine as his hands delved into the thick scruff of her chest and found her breasts. He squeezed one of her globes in his palm and ran his thumb over her nipple, circling around the areola. She could feel him try to match her thrusts with his own as she bounced atop him, but he couldn’t match her pace. In a rare act of mercy, she reached down around his back and pulled him upright against her chest. He buried his face in her fur and wrapped his arms around her, holding on for dear life as they ground their groins together. Her waist writhed and undulated as she moved around the stiff hot rod hilted inside of her. Her claws drew blood as they dug into his back, thin beads of blood welling to the surface. Her tongue rolled out of her mouth, her panting breath clouding in the air as they fucked. The thick musk of their arousal hung heavy in the air, spurning them on with greater fervor. There was no delicate grace or sweet tenderness to their lovemaking. They rutted like animals, desperate for nothing else but their immediate satisfaction. The hunter was the first to begin faltering. His pace grew frenzied and erratic, his moans and inarticulate pleases muffled by her thick fur. She could feel him grow even harder within her, and her instincts assured her that his end was near. She grabbed his shoulders and pushed him back so she could see his face. His eyes were unfocused, clouded over by a haze of arousal. She dragged a long affectionate lick up his chin, a strange compulsion welling up in her throat. A memory came back to her, the muscles in her throat working in strange forgotten ways as she spoke for the first time in months.

“MINE…” She growled, as her jaws opened wide.

A blade of terror sliced through the fog and shocked the hunter back into clarity as he realized what was about to happen. It was too late. She clamped her jaws around his shoulder, her teeth sinking deep into his flesh. The hunter groaned in pain as the sweet metallic taste of blood filled her mouth. This was her first kindness to her new mate. She had been bestowed this gift in a frenzied night of blind terror and torturous pain. He would enter his new life through pleasure and bliss. She pulled him in as deep as she could as he shuddered and finally came undone. His cock pulsed and swelled inside of her, spurting thick ropes of fertile seed deep into her womb. Her muscles clenched around him, milking out every last drop as her own orgasm crashed over her. She could feel his warmth flow into her in burst after burst, filling her core with a heavy satisfying load. She could feel her own mark flow into him through his wound, sinking deep into his very soul. He belonged to her now, and she couldn’t wait to see their offspring spread across the far corners of the earth. Their mutual euphoria seemed to go on for minutes as they clung to each other, shivering in the aftershocks of climax. She pulled her jaws free from his shoulder and licked the blood off her fangs, holding her mate upright as he collapsed against her. A thick sordid mix of their juices flowed out from around his semierect cock, still buried inside his partner. She licked up the blood running down his chest and nuzzled against his chin, coaxing him to look up at her. He was exhausted, but she could see the change beginning to take hold behind his eyes. His fingers traced the small of her back and grabbed her firm buttocks with a fervor he hadn’t shown before. He grit his teeth and clenched his fingers, a deep shuddering growl rumbling in his chest. The wound on his shoulder had stopped bleeding, and she could feel his vigor returning faster than any normal human’s. She whined in delight as he moved against her, his member stiffening as he smeared their combined fluids into her fur. The moon was still high in the sky, there were still plenty of hours left until dawn to enjoy the spoils of her hunt.