#Remilia Orochimaru Relationship Chart

Kiko Inuzuka
Hmmm, how should I put thisss. Sssenssei isss a little bit of a sssmooth brain or a like a dull kunai sssso complicated stuff do not work with her. Sssstill her expertisssse in teaching issss very good and that I adore about her. She isss a good teacher.

Itame Nanae
My teammate, my friend. Hisss sself confidence isss very admirable alsso he hasss a really good fashion sensse. His rage isss something that he should learn how to control and could be a detriment when in actual combat. Ssstill I will do my very bessst to help him.

Kazen Uzumaki
My teammate, my friend. I ssstill have to get to know him. Maybe he and I can go out to eat together, you know jussst for the teamwork ssstuff.

Natsuo Uchiha
Heh heh the lazy teacher or ssso they call him. I like hisss laid back attitude. Hisss easygoing attitude hidesss a very talented person. Someone who isss very good with analyzing people and how to train them to become better.

D
Really that isss hisss name? Just a “D”? Okay. He seems to hate it whenever he getss called “Lil Bro”.

Himari Miko
As a fellow medical-nin, I have nothing but respect for her. We both seem to have the same fighting style. Her knowledge in medicine is very good too.

Takeru Suzuki
I heard that flying Raijin Jutsu makesss him go way fassst. Other than that I don’t know much about him.

Osamu
When I heard that he can improve my skilsss I wasss very excited and I can’t wait to start working with him.

Shimabukuro Fumio
I wish him luck and I hope that he gets to passss thisss chunin exam. He deservesss to passss after all this yearssss.

Kichōna
Her emotional instability isss sssomething that is sssure to be a detriment. I hope that ssshe findsss new friendsss and be able to fit in with the othersss.

Nodao-Douji
The drunken massster. Her greed for drinking might cause her sssome trouble in the future but it seemsss that she doesss not take the riskss ssseriously. She can be a good drinking partner.

Kamiko Karatachi
I only met her once but I wish to be asss good of a medical nin asss she isss sssomeday. Just you sssee sssomeday I’ll be assss good asss her in no time.

Masukuda Rarime
I think ssshe needss a therapissst. Sssomeone who hasss gone through what ssshe went through would have problems with their persssonality and have deep emotional issues. I pray that ssshe findsss peace and I hope that sshe findsss friendsss.

Ichika Chinoike
Ssshe ssseemss to be a chill and cool girl. I would be glad to be her friend one day.

Kita
As an orphan he hasss sssuffered through alot. Being the object of bullying and harassment constantly will not be good for the psyche. I hope he finds peace in his life.

Ezaki Tuto
Ehh, I don’t know much about him to be honessst.

Jin Hyuga
Impressssive taijutssu ssskilsss. He is a prodigy when it comesss to Taijutssu. He ssshall be a worthy opponent.

Shinrō Kamotai, the Divine Painter
I don’t know much about him other than the fact that he hasss character bind technique.

Yuma Kouda
Girl, you fight in that form revealing outfit? Hey, I don’t judge.

Ghidorah
He has been through a lot. I can be hisss friend since I am immune to poissson

Junki Takenaga
Hisss love for birdsss isss mirrored by my love for sssnakes. I don’t think we will get along considering that my snakes could eat his birds anytime they wish.

Darkbone
Really thatsss your real name?

Taihō Shiryō
Hisss attachment to hisss umbrella will be hisss doom.

Ahiratsu Ōtsutsuki
Nothing wrong with being a civilian.