>Houshou Marine, the pirate queen, plunderer of treasure and hearts alike, stood before you in the depths of the dungeon chamber you’d prepared for her. Above her head, her wrists were bound with rope, leaving her on her tiptoes. After all these years, she was finally facing the punishment for her crimes, and you were going to make sure she never forgot it.
>”Nice dungeon you have here,” Marine remarked, keeping a smug, almost casual grin on her face as you approached her. She loved to pretend she was in control, but you were going to make clear she wasn’t. “What are your plans, huh? Gonna whip me? Violate me? Good luck with that.”
>But you were going to do neither. With one hand you lifted the hem of her red skirt, as though you were about to begin to spank her, but then with the other you grabbed her pink underwear.
>”E-Eh?” Marine grunted, lifting a bemused eyebrow and trying her best to look over her shoulder, a hard task with her arms bound as they were. “You’ve gotta be kidding me… right? You’re not really going to—meep!”
>The pirate’s words quickly halted with a bite of her lip as you hiked her undies up her back, wedging them deep up between her massive ass cheeks. A wedgie wasn’t the most painful punishment you could give her, but it was the most embarrassing.
>”S-Seriously?!” Marine groaned, whining as you stretched her panties higher, lifting her onto the very tips of her toes. “What are you—Ow!—twelve?!” She wiggled her butt in an effort to relieve the tension of your bullying. “Just deflower me or something normal! Treat me with some kind of respect!”
>Not a chance. It was far more satisfying to bring the pirate down to the level of a lowly loser schoolgirl. The ultimate disrespect of having her panties manhandled was far more humiliating than any other punishment. And speaking of disrespect…
>With a final pull, you brought the waistband of the underwear all the way over her head, securing it just beneath her eyes so she was blinded by the girly fabric, stuck wedged up her hindquarters and chafing her crack and crotch.
>“Nngh!” Marine grunted, wiggling again as she fought against her new hood. “Great, that’s really nice!” she grumbled. “Can you get this off me?! Hey!”
>But you were nowhere to be found. As Marine slowly started to beg for help, the chafing and smell of her own bum clearly getting to her, not to mention the humiliation of having her underwear plastered on her head, you watched with silent satisfaction. In no time at all, the great pirate queen would be groveling at your feet, begging for your mercy. Yet another arrogant, hotheaded woman, reduced to nothing but a pathetic wedgie nerd.
>God you loved your job.