#***Possibly the first Legiana lewd ever***

*Sort of a sequel to [Spikes, Spikes Everywhere](https://pastebin.com/H21Y0Q8C)*

---

\>You had to admit, as much of a pain as it was getting around the Coral Highlands, it had some REALLY nice views.
\>The entire area was practically bursting with vibrant life, enough so that you'd begun to watch where you step so that you didn't accidentally crush anything delicate underfoot.
\>But the endemic life and nice views weren't why you were here. The Research Commission was looking for answers and they'd turned to you and many other highly skilled hunters to find them.
\>Ever since your fateful encounter with that anthropomorphic Nergigante - which you had thankfully been rescued from after about a straight week of nonstop fucking and living off whatever scraps she left you - the Commission had been scrambling to get more data and samples on the incredible discovery you had stumbled on, sightings of which had begun to spring up shortly after you had been rescued.
\>While the eggheads still had yet to classify this new breed of anthropomorphic monster as either a 'subspecies', a 'deviant', or something else, they'd been able to gather a fair approximation on their habits thanks to constant interviews with you and other hunters who had fallen into similar predicaments as yours. Now, they were chomping at the bit for a live specimen, or at the very least, some solid evidence as to their behaviors, which they hadn't been able to get yet due to the elusiveness of this new breed of monster.
\>So, you ended up in the Coral Highlands, following a trail of sightings of one of these monsters - a Legiana, specifically. Not an easy catch even when tracking a normal one, but the researchers were promising a veritable mountain of rewards, enough that you couldn't pass up the opportunity.
\>Besides, you'd tracked Legianas before. How hard could it be to find a slightly smaller one that walked upright?
\>...Very hard, apparently. You'd been searching for hours by now, scaling sheer cliffs and wading through variously sized pools of water and only had a few scratches and a footprint or two to show for it. You needed more of a trail if your scoutflies were to be of any-
\>Wait. You just saw movement. Not some bug or bird, but something that almost looked man-shaped. 
\>You break into a sprint after it, catching a glimpse of it here and there as it weaves through the oversized coral, clearly more familiar with the terrain than you are. 
\>Breaking out into the open, you stop for a moment to catch your breath and look around for it, only to see a pale white and blue colored bolt shoot up into the air and hit an updraft, quickly gaining some altitude before perching on a high-up ledge and turning to stare at you. You stare back at the monster, the updraft's wavering air preventing you from getting a good look at it, but you can still tell that it's smaller than the average Legiana. 
\>After a few moments of this, it lets off its distinctive cry at you, loud enough that it echoes all the way down to where you were standing.
\>Son of a Barroth, was it TAUNTING you?
\>Noticing a flock of wingdrakes nearby, you suddenly get an idea. Grabbing a nearby rock and loading up your slinger, you fire it at one of the drakes as you run, startling the whole flock into a wild frenzy of flapping and escaping from the perceived "threat". Using your grappling hook, you manage to catch a ride on one of them right as it takes off towards the updraft itself, feeling your stomach drop out below you as you shoot up high - right towards where the Legiana is.
\>Seeing this, it immediately takes off again, rising the rest of the way up the side of the coral cliff and disappearing over the top with you in hot pursuit. As soon as you're close enough, you detach and fling yourself towards the edge, hitting the side of the cliff hard enough to drive the wind out of you but still getting a good grip as you attempt to clamber up.
\>Unfortunately, the coral was apparently a lot more fragile than the rocks you were used to, and with a sudden crack, your handhold breaks clear of the cliffside and you tip backwards with a startled shout as you plummet towards the ground below.
\>You barely have time to comprehend just how fucked you are, desperately trying to wrangle your grappling hook back into your slinger, when you suddenly hear the Legiana's cry again. You watch as it reappears over the edge, folding its wings and plummeting towards you like a white-and-azure streaked arrow, gaining ground on you with startling speed before it suddenly inverts itself and you feel large clawed talons latch onto your body. Extending its wings, it catches the updraft again, the beautifully patterened membrane bulging upwards from the air as your descent slows to a crawl.
\>The mighty, beautiful Legiana, fully exposed in all of its glory before you. For the first time in what feels like forever, you're completely awestruck.
\>The moment quickly ends when it lets go of you, but you don't even have time to yell again before you touch down on the solid ground that was actually right below you. It flaps a short distance away as you scramble back to your feet, watching as it hovers in the air for a moment before touching down and standing up tall as it faces you, giving you your first good look at the monster who had just saved you from your near-cart experience.
\>Much like the Nergigante who had captured you a while back, it was immediately apparent that she was significantly taller than the average human, though most of it seemed to be in the length of her neck. But whereas the Nergigante had been thicker and packing some serious muscle, the Legiana standing before you was wiry and thin by comparison, although still sporting some tightly corded, sinewy muscle of her own, and powerful looking legs that ended in large talons tipped with razor sharp claws. Lacking proper hands, she instead had powerful wingarms that were directly integrated into the smooth, layered membrane that served as her wings, stretching all the way from the tip of her tail to the top of her long, antennae-like horns.
\>...It also didn't take you long to notice that she was, in fact, a female, given the pair of (relatively) small, perky breasts on her chest and the tight feminine slit concealed between her legs, neither of which she bothered to try and conceal from you. Modesty was apparently something she didn't put much stock in, but you couldn't really point fingers, considering that you'd sometimes taken on monsters in the arena wearing nothing more than your skivvies.
\>"That was a clever move, hunter, using the wingdrakes to catch up to me," she finally spoke, putting her wing joint up to the tip of her beak-like muzzle much like a human would put their hand to their chin. "Clever, yet impatient. You would have hurt a lot more than just your pride in that fall, had I not caught you."
\>You rub the back of your head, a little embarrassed, and she takes a few steps towards you, clearly studying you as much as you were studying her.
\>"Still, you must have VERY good reason to try and speak with me if you're willing to follow me this far up in the Highlands. Considering you haven't attacked me yet, I assume this isn't an ordinary hunt?"
\>Considering she just saved you a long, painful trip back to camp in the back of a felyne cart, you figure it's only fair to tell her your reason for coming here.
\>She never takes her sharp, brilliantly golden-yellow eyes off you as you explain, standing there and listening as the material of her wings flutters in the wind.
\>"You're here to 'study' me, then, is that it? Well you certainly aren't the first hunter in recent days to try, but you're the first to have gotten this close to me."
\>You hear a faint screech in the distance, and she twist her angular head upwards, scanning the horizon that was quickly fading to a deep orange as the sun set in the distance.
\>"...We should speak elsewhere. There's been a Paolumu skulking through my territory, and while I could easily drive it off, I'm in no mood to fight today. Besides, you don't want to get caught up on these high cliffs in the dark, would you?"
\>You don't exactly relish the idea of climbing back down at night, so you concede her point and fall in behind her as she turns and saunters off deeper into the coral forest, her hips and tail swaying back and forth as she leads you to the mouth of a cave some distance away, somewhat high up on the side of a large coral pillar. With a single flap of her wings, she propels herself up to it and disappears inside, leaving you to clamber up after her.
\>Her home was little more than some brightmoss growing on the ceiling for light, and an appropriately sized nest for her that was made of some of the spongier material you'd seen growing in the Highlands, but it was shelter from the strong and biting cold wind sweeping through the area, not to mention a comfortable warmth that seemed to be emanating from deeper within the cave.
\>Curling up in her nest, she stretches out and lays on her side, propping herself up on an elbow and showing off more of her body as she stares at you with those bright yellow eyes again, the color cutting through the soft pink hue of the brightmoss. 
\>"I don't suppose it would be too much to ask for something to eat. I was planning to make a meal of one of those wingdrakes before you showed up and scared them off."
\>You dig around in your pack for a moment before pulling out a well-done steak, still attached to the bone, but before you can even hold it out to her it's snatched out of your hand with a sudden flurry of movement as she "pins" it down with her talons and starts tearing at it voraciously with her sharp teeth, gulping down entire chunks without chewing.
\>Once done, she seems to regain control of herself and gives you a coy little smile upon noticing your somewhat concerned look.
\>"Don't look at me like that. I've seen how you hunters eat. Still, thank you."
\>You tell her you've got plenty more if she's still hungry, but she waves you off.
\>"No, I think after that meal I'd rather have a nice bath. We can...discuss matters at my hot spring."
\>Beckoning for you to follow her again, she leads you deeper into the cave, following interspersed patches of brightmoss down deeper as the warmth starts becoming a bit sweltering for you. The cave eventually opens up into a larger cavern lit with more brightmoss, and several pools of water that radiate steam and heat.
\>Raising her arms and causing her wings to extend, she takes a deep breath and you suddenly feel the temperature drop several degrees as frost begins to coalesce on her body, across her chest and stomach, before she suddenly thrusts her wings forward once with a powerful flap and scatters the frost across the surface of the water, causing a large cloud of steam to form in the cavern almost instantly.
\>"I do enjoy a nice, steamy bath," she says, slowly stepping into the larger pool in front of her. "It's wonderful for unwinding after dealing with those damned puffed-up bats."
\>Wading in towards the center, the water only reaching up to her midriff due to her taller stature, she lets herself sink in a bit and lets off a contented sigh before turning to you again.
\>"You'll join me, won't you?"
\>You give her another look, and she chuckles lightly.
\>"Come now, hunter, I can smell the stench on you from here. You must be tired and sweaty from all the climbing you did just to find little old me. Come, don't be shy. Refresh yourself."
\>A moment passes, before you sigh and begin to strip off pieces of your armor, letting them fall to the floor as she backstrokes towards the far edge of the pool, using her wings to push herself around. Even with her hiding behind a cloud of steam, you can tell she's watching you disrobe, and you feel a blush rise up in your face as you make an attempt to keep yourself covered as you slip into the hot spring.
\>It's very warm, but not hot like you were expecting. Her frost had done a good job at cooling it off enough to be bearable, and the steam resulting from it both kept the air from chilling your wet skin and helped cleanse the pores. Your muscles relax almost immediately and you lean back against the smoothed edge of the pool and close your eyes, listening to your host paddling around nearby.
\>"Quite enjoyable, isn't it?" you hear her say, the cavern lending her voice a slight echo. "I felt the same way when I discovered it. It feels especially nice on those cold, chilly nights."
\>You ask her why the cold would bother her, considering she could summon icy cold wind at will, and you hear her swim towards you a bit, though you don't feel like opening your eyes yet.
\>"It isn't the cold that bothers me, but it does have an annoying habit of deterring any real visitors. Apart from the wingdrakes and the occasional Paolumu overstepping its bounds, I've never had someone daring enough to come all the way up to my home..."
\>You hear her swimming closer, and finally look up to see her right in front of you, her head and shoulders poking out of the water, the membrane of her horns covered in a wet sheen as she stares at you with a look that couldn't possibly be described as anything other than sultry.
\>"...at least, until you arrived."
\>You clear your throat a bit nervously, trying to think of something to say, before she pushes herself up between your legs and gets face to face with you, her brilliant yellow eyes boring into yours as though she were trying to get a read on your thoughts.
\>"Tell me, hunter, did you really come all the way up here to 'study' me..."
\>She looks down at the tip of your sudden boner poking up through the surface of the water, and gives you another coy smile.
\>"...or did you have something else in mind for when you found me?"
\>Your about to say something, but your words disappear into strained groan when she dips her lower jaw into the water and drags her long, surprisingly cool tongue across your entire length, drawing it out slowly and making you grip the side of the pool until your knuckles turn white. Ending it with a playful little flick of her tongue across the tip of your shaft, she tilts her angular head cutely, her sensual, half-lidded gaze telling you in no uncertain terms what was about to happen.
\>"Well, if you're going to study me, then it only makes sense that I'm extended the same privilege."
\>Resting her wing joints on your shoulders, her face came up to yours again, her jaws parting as she fit your mouth into her muzzle and gave you the most exotic kiss you'd ever had, her tongue worming its way past your lips and overpowering yours almost immediately as it presses into the back of your mouth and almost into your throat. The two of you stay like this for what part of you almost wishes was forever, but eventually she releases you, a thin strand of saliva still attached between the two of you shortly before disappearing.
\>Wordlessly, she sinks back down to between your legs again and nuzzles your rock-hard member with an affectionate chirring sound, before guiding it into her muzzle and slowly, deliberately starts moving her head up and down. The warm water you're partially submerged in combined with the cool slickness of the inside of her maw provides a wonderful hot-cold sensation that drives you wild, making you buck your hips up into her and grab her antennae-like horns as you start getting close.
\>But before you reach the tipping point, she pulls away from you and your grip, causing you to let out a grunt in frustration. Sweeping her large wings through the water as she backstrokes away from you, she gives you an impish look before diving, prompting you to chase her if you want the release she almost gave you.
\>The pool is deep enough near the center to give her plenty of room to maneuver, her large wings and powerful kicking legs allowing her to move around surprisingly quick as she keeps herself just out of your reach. But what she doesn't realize is that you'd cut your teeth on swimming around Moga Village, and summoning up your experience with lance-charging while underwater, you push off the nearby rock floor of the pool and shoot towards her with startling speed, prompting her to let off a bubbly squawk before you catch her, wrapping your arms around her waist and propelling both of you up towards the surface.
\>You both catch your breath as you hold her against the side of the pool, a smug grin making its way onto your face as she laughs in genuine appreciation of your trick. Her body, despite having been soaking in the hot spring for a while now, is still cool to the touch, especially so when she wraps her large layered wings around you and pulls you in close, her breath heavy and laced with a lustful growl.
\>"Very clever, little hunter," she coos, running a winghand through your wet hair. "Come, then. Claim your prize."
\>At this point, the steam cloud is thick enough that you can only thing you can see clearly is her in front of you, but at this point you aren't going to waste time on semantics. Dipping your hand under the water, you trace your fingers along the edges of her feminine lips to make sure that she's indeed ready for you, making her hunch up and let out a soft gasp as she rests her forehead against yours, her tongue hanging loose out of the side of her maw and dripping drool into the water.
\>Oh yes, she was definitely ready, and so were you.
\>Lining yourself up as she grips the floor of the pool below you with her talons for leverage, you thrust into her without hesitation, making her squawk again, but the bestial sounds she's making only egg you on harder. She's definitely warmer on the inside than the outside, but the thought barely registers as you slowly pull out and push back in again, setting up a steady rhythm as she pants and growls with each thrust.
\>"A-ah! You're so...so warm..."
\>The water sloshes heavily around you as your movements start generating small waves, causing the steam to roil around a bit as though the energy from your lovemaking was spreading to the area around you in an aura. You start to feel small flecks of frost bumping into you, the Legiana apparently loosing control of her frost ability in the haze of her lust, causing errant patches of frost to form on her body and immediately flake off into the water.
\>Searching for an outlet, something to grab onto more tightly, she presses your head against her chest as she hugs you against her, and you respond by teasing one of her perky  breasts with your tongue before gently sucking on it, causing her to throw her head back as a half-stifled and entirely inhuman screech claws its way out of her throat, though she doesn't stop you.
\>"Y-yes! Your warmth! I want it all! Give it to me!"
\>All of this is quickly becoming too much for you to bear, and you feel yourself approaching the end after what seems like far too short of a time. Judging by the way your lover is shuddering and twitching against you, though, it would seem she's feeling the same way. Finally unable to take it anymore, she bites down on your bare shoulder - not hard enough to draw blood, but enough that the sensation finally sends you over the edge. You thrust deep into her as you both cum at the same time, her walls gripping your member tightly as you fire off jet after jet of your seed into her depths, the Legiana clenching her arms and legs around you as she lets off another of her distinctive roars into the echoing cavern.
\>Both of you entirely exhausted, she floats on her back along the surface of the water as she continues to keep you cocooned in her wings and holds you against her chest, the temperature perfectly comfortable between her smooth, cool body and the warm hot spring water.
\>"Hah...hah...so...this, erm...'research' of yours..." she pants.
\>You tell her that it can wait.
\>"Then...perhaps tomorrow...we can resume our little chase?"
\>You nod as she nuzzles her face into your neck and croons lovingly.
\>Honestly, you could get used to this.
