#Homework Distraction 
Hero works diligently on his Biology homework “so if the inter muscular system interacts with the circulatory system via,” he thought out loud, “then would the system be ahhh.” Hero’s thoughts interrupted by a moan. Y/N stops licking his nuts, “Do you want me to stop?” Hero looked down to see Y/N looking up from between his legs, lips having a mixture of spit and sweat on them. “N-no keep going, I was the one who asked you to do it.” Y/N nodded their head and went back to licking his balls. They feel the salty taste with a slight sting from the hairs being cut, he knows you like it that way. Hero feels their tongue, tingling all of his senses below the waist, feeling his balls move up and down with their tongue. Y/N decided to go all in, they opened their mouth as wide as they could and attempted to fit his nuts completely within. Hero once again moaned, feeling his balls be fully enveloped in their mouth, feeling their saliva all around them. At this point Hero had given up on his bio homework, he needed the de stresser anyway. Y/N begins to roll their tongue around them, Hero now beginning to pant from the pleasure, his cock now finally beginning to get harder. Y/N felt it getting harder to breath as their nose was pressed into Hero’s cock but smelling his musk only made them want to keep going. Y/N began to suck, gently, on to them, their inner cheek now pressing against them. Hero breathing picked up feeling them wrapped in wetness and warmth, the motion of it all and the slight pain of them being pulled away from him. Y/N felt the need to breathe more and but wanted to push it further and further until they couldn’t take it. Hero’s nards left their mouth with an almost popping noise, them now gasping for air, “you alright?” Hero looked down, despite being still hard as rock. Y/N looked up and nodded before looking down to see Hero rock hard. Y/N stared in awe like they would everytime, his penis a solid 7 inches, brown a decently thick. Y/N pulled back his foreskin and began licking his head. It was salty with an almost meaty taste. Y/N began to circle their tongue around where the shaft and head met, loving every second of it’s taste .Hero’s breaths and moans picked up the pace with their tongue.  Y/N on instinct pushed his cock completely into their mouth, all the way to the bottom almost choking on it all. Hero moaned in surprise, Y/N now moving up and down his dick. Y/N felt it deeper into their mouth, trying to move their tongue around to make him feel even better. Hero now began to pant faster and faster and Y/N picked up the pace. “I’m cumming!” Hero said, trying not to be too loud, his hip thrusting involuntarily letting out a relieved moan. Y/N felt his cock almost hit the back of their throat and without a second felt his hot cum filled their throat. His cum was salty and sweet, he would always eat extra fruit if he knew they were gonna do it to make it extra sweet. Y/N pushed forward, making sure to get every drop before pulling back, swallowing and breathing deeply. Hero looked down and begun running his hand through their bangs, “I love you, remember that,” “I know Hero I know”
