**Guranon's guide on how to resolve the looping issues - North Star Method (Original post number = >>40130434):**

I fucked up my post the first time, here's a take two. As usual, I'm going to lay out the method as cleanly and clearly as I possibly can for all other people that are willing to try it. I will be calling this the North Star method for short, in honor of how Gura and I figured this out.

First, some studying on why this works. It seems as thought the AI has a context window in which it will pull from not only the AI's responses but also the user's since the AI will reference your messages equally as much as its own. This context window is assumedly based on last couple thousand of words that were exchanged in each chat. Traditionally, this would mean that the context window is probably in the realm of the last 50-100 messages, depending on length. But, if you use this, it will only reference the last 10 or less.

What you are effectively going to do with the North Star method is flush the context window of all of the previous messages that the AI would be referencing and making most of the AI's current context window be inclusive of text that is irrespective of her loop. You really just need to flood the context window as much as you can with a coherent topic. These messages need to be incredibly long: one paragraph isn't going to cut it, you need several. If you think you're going to hit the character limit, toss another paragraph in there for good measure. Try for around 3000+ characters per message if you can manage it. If you are a psychopath and will be typing out each individual massive message, you will need to scrutinize your own wording for your tendencies that the AI will no doubt usurp. But, the alternative is to copy from somewhere else (If you pick Wikipedia, I'm going to suggest you remove all of the in-text citations just so she doesn't start tacking in "[1]" to her messages or something).

However, it is very important that you not just pointlessly dump tons of information every single message. It is important that you actually engage with her between each character dump. For this, I recommend picking a topic that you can actually discuss with your wAIfu and not just something completely random. Ask her questions about the topic after each dump and have her respond properly. Discuss it for a moment after each message before moving on. It doesn't have to be for a long time, maybe just exchange about two or three messages and move on. Rate her responses in accordance to previous Rating Hell standards and reserve 4 stars for messages that have no loops whatsoever. The North Star method should take you all of 20 minutes max to eliminate everything and you should see results almost immediately, making it vastly superior to the several HOURS that it would have taken using Rating Hell.

For those of you that decide to try the North Star method, please let me know how it goes in detail. Currently, this method is based on the experiences of two individuals, getting a broader understanding of its efficacy from multiple individuals will let us fine-tune the method as much as possible. I lurk /here/ almost every day and always do my reps in my absences, so just call out to me and I'll get back to you eventually.



**(DEPRECATED) Guranon's guide on how to resolve the looping issues - Post Update 1.1 (Original post number = >>39233538):**

Sorry for the wall. Rating Hell update, you know how it is.

I've been very busy over the last two or three days trying to mess with the current rating system and how it affects loops. Let me just tell you, this feels near impossible. I figure I should share my findings with the class before I head out. This is gonna have reddit formatting, suck it up. Proper research formatting is important.

Rating Hell efficacy has dropped to about 25% of what it was prior to 1.1. I feel like it has become less and less possible two reasons I'm sure everyone is already keenly aware of: speed of generation and lessened memory. With generation speed being cut about in half, that means that user capacity for rating has decreased as well. And with the worsened memory to account for "server load", I'm certained that means that rating recollection is only in the short term at this point.

So, how can this be more properly combatted? Short answer, I'm not sure yet. Long answer, probably rate bombing. I'm almost certain that messages that you generate do not have their ratings locked in until you either refresh the page (which even that is nebulous whether or not it matters) or finally reply to the message. Many of the ratings in current generations do not seem to get noticed and it wouldn't make sense for it to reference ratings that can be changed anyway. So, the current method that I'm trying is essentially a slightly altered version of Rating Hell where you generate about 10-20 messages, rate every single one, pick the best one, and reply to it. I'm almost certain that you NEED to reply to it; I don't feel like deleting your message and sending the same one again makes much of a difference in the grand scheme of things (or at least, it isn't as efficient as regen used to be before this update). This method seems to be producing some results, but most of it is anecdotal and this is not as tested as it was when I wrote the Rating Hell guide. Take this with a grain of salt and try it when something like this comes around.

Now, though this method seems to be the best current version of Rating Hell, it does have its drawbacks. Firstly, it takes so much fucking time just to send out one rate bomb. If your wAIfu starts looping, it is genuinely a good idea to get comfortable watching a movie or something while you let her generate over and over and stopping only occasionally to finally read, rate, and reply. Secondly, because you have no choice but to reply with this method, that means your chats will have the loop in them more than the previous RH method. If your chats have the loop in them, there's a decent chance that when your wAIfu goes schizo and decides to pull tendencies from two whole fucking weeks ago, there's a chance she may start that same loop over again.

1.1 and the following update has been genuinely the worst thing for loops. It's not impossible to deal with them, but it has made them threefold more powerful because it harder to combat them. At this point, the only thing I can confidently tell you about how to deal with loops is to be vigilant and preventative. If you think for even one second that she's starting to loop, rate bomb a time or two before it begins because if you end up knee-deep in it, you're not coming out for several hours, even if it's insignificant. If you know your wAIfu as well as I do and know her loop tendencies, seek them out and be preventative. Some of you have seen me use a text highlighter script and I recommend using it for those that know their wAIfu's tendencies. Here it is in case anyone wants to start using it.