A calmness filled Hogwarts, the summer beginning to reach its end, and the cool breeze of autumn washing through the highlands. Students had begun to return to their dorms, each telling each other of the fun times they had with their families, their friends, and occasionally with other housemates outside of school. One was late to return; however, one of Hufflepuff’s male prefects had fallen ill just as the school year had begun. His things had been placed next to his bed in the dorms, yet the man himself did not return. Rumors and gossip about where he was spread of course, being quelled when one of the student assistants that worked in the medical wing said he was sick with something serious but would be back in a few days.

A few days turned into missing the first week of the autumn term. Though one weekend morning, when classes were slow Faolán would return to the dorms. Looking better than he had whenever his friends came to see him. His fellow badgers new and old alike were happy to see him. Some greet him with hugs and others choose to keep their distance and just do a friendly wave. Some even found themselves giving a gentle tease by calling him wolfman in their greetings. Each kindness returned by him as he was happy to be back, though one in particular caught him off guard. A small set of hands reached up from behind to cover his eyes, a soft giggle coming from the girl as she stepped up close behind him.

He didn’t need to see to know who it was, the giggle and familiar honey like scent she carried gave it all away. He quickly lowered himself and grasped under her legs. Scooping her up so she had to ride on his back. His smile grew as he carried her back to his dorm, neither of them needing to say it to know that they missed each other. He had very few that he considered to be truly close, and she was certainly one of them. Coming to rest just beside his bed and setting her down upon it before turning to give the “honeybee” an affectionate hug. Letting it last for long enough for both of them to fall on their sides atop the blankets. 

There was a quiet moment between them, just being happy to see each other not only after him being sick, but after the summer break that kept them away from each other. That moment slowly began to change as they laid there. What started as a firm hug turned into soft and gentle caresses along each other’s backs. Each growing bolder as his hands moved to her hips, and her own moved to his chest. Feeling each other again before staring at each other to make sure both were sure. Yet there was never any doubt.

Each motion took a piece of clothing with it. Robes, shirts, pants, though for the very last touch he took his time. Gently pulling her striped panties down to her knees and with another quick motion off of her entirely. Sliding his hands back down her legs to grasp at her thighs, feeling their softness again and again. Savoring each and every touch before rolling to place himself above her. A sly little smile came to her face as her legs locked behind his back, keeping him there until all of this was over. Both emboldened by their time apart, they made no attempt to hide their intimate sounds as they pressed their bodies together, rubbing and teasing each other to see who would break first.

It seemed the wolfman had a trick up his sleeve though, those bumps and grinds allowing him to use her wetness as a lubricant. Deciding to wait until she was caught up in the heat of the moment to adjust himself just a tad. Pressing forward to prod against her ass, his hands grasped at her own, holding her there as he pushed himself inch by inch inside of her. A surprised gasp escaped her lips as her legs tightened, nails digging just a bit into the backs of his hands. Yet she didn’t want him to stop. Pulling his body close until he was firmly hilted inside of her rear.

Another quiet moment came, both of them lost in that moment, not caring if anyone saw or heard what was happening. His hips started to rock, thrusting his cock back and forth and causing a slow clapping sound with each push forward. The man leaned down and pressed his lips to her neck, gently kissing along one side of it as he fucked her. Letting that passion build between the two of them as the moments passed. What started as quiet gasps turned into passionate moans, quiet pleas for him to give her more, each of them granted as he pushed harder and moved faster. Those once gentle kisses turned to suckles along her neck, the intent to leave marks being clear enough even before one final change, catching her off guard as his mouth opened again to bite at her neck.

Each motion now caused the bed to rock, banging against the wall as both of them lost themselves in the heat of that moment. Neither knowing how long they had been fucking for and at the same time neither caring. Both wanted that moment to last for as long as it could. There were times where both grew close to that sweet and final climax, yet would hold it off just to savor things a little bit longer. By now his hands had released her own, both free to grasp along each other again. Firm squeezes came to her body, knowing it would leave marks but not caring. Gentle scratches being done to his back, her nails leaving marks as well.

That final moment could only be held off for so long, both of them pushing each other to their absolute limit. Pressing themselves against each other as they could, that moment was so close, they just needed a little bit more. That sweet release finally being hit, her body quivering as her insides squeezed and tried to milk him. His cock throbbing as it released that hot sticky load inside of her. Having been pent up for so long that he filled her to the brim. Their bodies stayed tensed for what felt like an eternity before they both relaxed, collapsing on top of each other in a panting, sweaty mess. 

Neither moved for a time, just enjoying each other’s embrace as they had before the “fun” had begun. No words were needed to decide what to do next, the blankets being shuffled as they both decided to stay right there for the rest of the day. The bed was stained and soaked by both of them to be cleaned later. Staying as close to each other as they could. Happily squeezing and cuddling each other for the rest of that night.