`Fantasies Fulfilled`
Alexander wrapped his hands around the hot cup of tea. The faint hint of roses rode along with the steam rising from the liquid's surface. It warmed his fingers with its heat and warmed his heart with pleasant memories as well.
Pictures flashed before his eyes on his laptop screen, each one staying for a moment before being replaced by the next. Each photograph that downloaded from his camera brought him a little closer to his quarry. His heartbeat quickened as the pictures progressed. There were the birds from this morning, the squirrel, the hare, the trees and the icicles, and then what he'd been waiting for : the fresh tracks and then the sable fur behind a log. His heart skipped a beat at the next image. She really had been looking right at him. The wolf's eyes seemed to pierce his soul even though they were only on his computer screen. He didn't even realize he was reaching out to touch her until the picture changed, and all that was there was trees. He blinked and shook his head, clearing it of the self made enchantment.
He chided himself. "Silly boy."
When the transfer of pictures from camera to computer was done he had to force himself to go through them one at a time, discarding those he didn't like, keeping those he did, and making notes on what he might want to edit later. And finally he came back to her; the sable colored wolf that haunted his dreams ever since he glimpsed her a day after coming to the cabin.
He sat there, just staring at the picture of her staring back at him. Every time he so much as glimpsed her, he was enchanted all over again. This time Alexander's mind wandered until his tea was cold in his hands. He had been making some small inarticulate sounds of pleasure, wondering what he might look like down on four legs instead of two; what fur might feel like against fur. He snapped out of his reverie when he realized the howl he'd heard was not a product of his imagination.

With great alacrity he left the small den and went out the cabin's front door, hoping the sound would come again. It did. A long, soulful howl reverberated through the woods and traveled to his core. Without even thinking, and before he even realized it, his voice echoed an answer. It happened twice more before she went silent. He finally stepped back inside the cabin, shivering from the cold, but utterly overwhelmed and giddy with excitement. She had answered him. Good gods, she had howled back to him. He flopped onto the couch in the den and realized he didn't have a word to describe how good he felt. It was like a first kiss, and he realized in that moment all he wanted was more of that feeling.
Alexander sighed dejectedly, immediately recognizing he couldn't get anymore than what he'd just had; and to think otherwise was pure fantasy. Of course, what was wrong with a little fantasy? An impish smile lit up his face and he pulled a duffle bag out from under the coffee table.
Inside the bag lay the evidence of one of his most closely guarded secrets : cuffs, chains, locks, rope, and other assorted items whose obvious purpose was to indulge their owner's deep desire to be bound and restrained. His breathing quickened a little, and he made tiny sounds even as he handled what would become the implements of his little bondage adventure for the night.
In the end his cock was in a cage, his arms and legs bound upon themselves turning his limbs into stumps of their former selves, forcing him to move on his knees and elbows. A stainless steel plug with a faux tail was held firmly in his ass by a locking belt. The whole kit and caboodle was held on him by an ingenious ratcheting system on his back that would not let him go until the ice inside melted. Experience told him that would be at least an hour and a half.
He moaned in frustration and arousal. Experience also told him he wouldn't be able to get off like this.

The plug in his ass was enough to stimulate, certainly; but not stimulate _enough_ nor in quite the right way to get him over the edge. He could get close. But he couldn't make it all the way. He didn't even know how many times he'd done this to himself. And yet he knew he'd still try to reach that final peak, no matter how elusive it proved to be.
He groaned. He flexed. He squirmed around on the floor. The arousal was maddening. The inability to reach orgasm was utterly frustrating. The frustration added to his arousal. And the vicious circle was complete. He spent every moment reaching for what he couldn't quite grasp, trying desperately to orgasm, and being utterly denied. By the time the ice melted he was a sweaty, mewling, desperate mess. When it freed him though, it was only his arms, legs, and ass that were let loose. The key to the cage was inside another block of ice in the freezer. A large block. Big enough that even hot water would take a few minutes to free it.
And he wanted. No. He needed to cum right goddamn now. There was a silicone toy and a magic wand in his bag that were retrieved with the speed only the desperate can manage. The toy hit just the right spot, tickled his prostate; even as the wand worked his caged cock. His explosion was a relief, and he made sounds more befitting an animal than a man as his cum splattered on the floor.
For a while he just laid there after, catching his breath and recovering from the experience. He had enough sense to take the block of ice containing the cage key out of the freezer and place it in the sink to thaw over night. Beyond that he only found his way to his bed. He figured clean up could wait until morning, and the after glow was too nice to spoil with a long task.
He drifted off to sleep under the flannel bedding in the comfort of a soft bed; thinking of sable fur and howls.
He never caught a glimpse of the flash of eyes just outside the window.

***********

Alexander awoke suddenly, with a violent start. There was weight pressing into the mattress next to him and the sensation of fur against his skin. Panic set in immediately. Visions of a hungry bear or mountain lion or gods knew what danced through his mind in a split second. He screamed and tried to roll out of his bed.
Before he could make even half a turn the weight and fur was over top of him. He tried to thrash, to throw it off, only to have his arms grasped by something that felt like coarse leather. His hands were hauled above him toward the headboard powerfully, by something that seemed to not even notice his violent protestations. Then he heard the ratcheting clicking and felt the cold steel circling his wrists. Handcuffs now held him to the headboard. If it was possible, his panic grew deeper with the realization it wasn't something in his bed with him, but someone.
He couldn't make anything out in the complete inky black gloom of the room. The lights were out; and it was a moonless, overcast night. All he knew were the feelings and the sounds as they happened. His mind churned, trying to figure out what was going on. Who was on top of him? Why was this happening? What was happening? What did they want?
Still, Alexander thrashed, trying to free herself. Then a weight settled down over his bare belly, like the weight of a whole person. It made breathing a little difficult, and there was fur against his skin again. After a little while he finally stopped thrashing, realizing the struggle wasn't going to get him anywhere.
There wasn't anyone else out in these woods. He was alone and utterly at the mercy of this intruder. He was terrified beyond words, but he refused to break down. He wouldn't give the bastard the satisfaction.
For a little while the tiny cabin was entirely silent but for his own breathing.

He thought perhaps he could hear the other breathing as well, but didn't know if it was just his terrified imagination filling in blanks for him. He became aware of a smell also. It was a musky, earthy, woodsy smell that he'd never known before.
Without thinking, before he even realized he meant to speak, he blurted out "What do you want?", the terror clear in his trembling voice.
A low chuckle from the darkness answered him. Then there was a voice. It was low and raspy, as if it hadn't been used in a long time. "I think, my dear, the question is what do you want? You've certainly been doing your best to follow me around."
His mind spun. He hadn't been following anyone around. There wasn't another person in these woods for miles; not that he knew of anyway. The only thing he'd been trying to follow... No. It wasn't even remotely possible. He became still anyway, and his heart thud harder in his chest just at the thought of it. He swallowed, and spoke again, his voice still trembling. "Who are you?"
The gravelly voice answered him again. "I had a name, but I forgot it a long time ago."
Alexander thought the voice sounded feminine, sort of, in a smokey blues singer sort of way. But he wasn't really sure. Not yet. The weight on him shifted a tiny bit, then something small and sharply pointed ran up his side from his ribs to curl up over his chest and wissped away from his skin at his neck. After the caress, she spoke again. "Why are you here?"
Alexander's mind railed at the question. She had broken into his cabin, cuffed him to his own bed, and she was asking HIM why HE was HERE? Despite the terror, anger blossomed in his chest and he found defiance, strength that steadied his voice and even put the edge of anger into it. "You're asking ME why I'm HERE?! What fucking right do you have to ask me something like that?!"
She chuckled again. He was unsure if he heard amusement in that sound.

"I'm the one on top. Now why are you here and why have you been following me around?"
The defiance and anger were in his voice as he answered, though his mind still spun at the question. "I haven't been following anyone around. I haven't seen another person in over a week. I happen to like it that way." The impossible thought touched his mind again, and the nerves in his abdomen took the moment to remind him of the fur touching his skin. It couldn't be. It just couldn't be. But he yearned anyway. In the darkness, away from civilization and rational thoughts, away from what his eyes told him, he wanted it to be true. He ached for it to be true.
Her voice was firm, and had lost some of its gravel, perhaps because she was finally using it after so long. "You've been following ME around. Or did you think I hadn't seen you when I looked over my shoulder? Didn't smell you on the wind?"
The angry and rational part of his head spoke before he could stop it. "Wolves don't talk!"
Her response was immediate and it silenced his protests. "Wifwolves DO."
His breath stopped dead in his throat. His mind rebelled. No. It couldn't be. They didn't exist. No matter how much he wanted it, they didn't exist. But there was fur sitting on his stomach, and how would she know he'd been following anything unless.... Then out of all the things his drowning mind could have grasped onto, of all the things he could say, he chose to ask "Where'd you get the cuffs then?"
He felt the weight shift again. Fur brushed his cheek; thick, soft, silky fur tickled his nerves and he couldn't help himself. Despite the terror, despite the anger, he started to become physically excited.
Her voice was at his ear, whispering. "There were all kinds of things in your bag." Something pulled on his hair, gently tugging his head to one side. Fur pressed itself into the side of his face. Her voice was so close now he felt the heat of her breath pass over his ear.

"I saw what you did with them. It was quite the show."
He didn't know if she could see his reaction in the dark, but he was sure he went wide eyed and blushed a deep crimson. Moments passed, and nothing happened. Tension hung heavy in the air, like the quiet before the storm. She broke it, with another sharp thing slowly drug down the center of his chest. Alexander couldn't help himself, wouldn't have stopped even if he'd wanted to; he moaned quietly and arched into the touch.
The fur had pulled away from his face even as the touch had happened, and now her voice was away from his ear again. It was still gravelly, but an edge of something had crept into it, something he couldn't quite identify, maybe it was mischief. He really wasn't sure. "Do you know what else I smelled then, when you were following me around? What I smell right now?"
He had no idea what she was talking about, and his voice was becoming small. He was losing himself in the moment, rational thought quickly deserting him. "No."
The word rolled off her tongue like liquid poetry "Arousal."
Suddenly there was a tongue at his chest. An impossibly long and flexible tongue was teasing him, lapping over skin and roughly dragging itself over his nipple. He arched and moaned again, loudly this time. Pleasures he'd only ever dared to dream of were suddenly becoming reality and he wanted them, craved them, ached for them all. Then the tongue was gone. He whined in protest, desperately wanting it to return.
She spoke to him again, though he was close to only half hearing her as he sank further into his own desires and the feelings his body was feeding him. "You were aroused then like you are now, aroused by me on four legs. I was going to leave it alone after the first time. But you kept coming back, following me; and every time I could smell it on you after you'd gone. It's been more years than I can recall since I've had a mate.

I believe I'm going to make the most of this. What do you think of that idea?"
All the secrets were there, all the dark desires he kept to himself were being offered up in those words and in the situation he was in. Somewhere in Alexander's head a fuse blew and all the rational thoughts went away. All that was left was something more primitive, something driven by the force of pure lustful desire. He growled at her and thrashed against the cuffs holding his arms to the headboard. This time though it wasn't because he wanted to be free and away, no. He wanted to wrap himself around her body, feel her fur with every inch of his skin and ravage her like a wild animal. His voice was pure demand. "Goddammit! Fuck me. Make me like you and fuck me!"
Her weight shifted again, and suddenly the entire line of her body was pressed into him. The sensation of fur seemed to sweep over and envelope him. And then his member was thrust inside of her. It was warm, and slick, warmer really than he was used to. The texture was different, but that didn't matter. The fantasy become reality was so powerful he almost orgasmed from his entry alone. Then he was thrusting and pounding, literally pounding at her; or trying to. Her hips and all her weight came down on top of his and gave him not an inch to move, pinning him to the bed. She used her superior weight and strength to set the pace.
It was slow, languid really. She took her time, sliding up and down his shaft, occasionally hilting him and then squeezing with the muscles of her vaginal walls. She'd get him so close he thought even a breeze would do him in; and then she'd stop; leaving him panting and whining and eventually begging. She didn't even answer his desperate pleadings for relief from her sensual torture.

Eventually her own excitement neared its crest and she rode him like there was no tomorrow. He came inside her and she howled out her own pleasure.
For a while everything was quiet again, except for the ragged breathing of two bodies. He was only marginally aware of it when her weight came off of him for a moment and he found his hands free of the cuffs. He was wrapped in her arms around his body and his face buried in her fur.
The last thing he was aware of before he fell asleep again was her voice in his ear.
"Mine now."