Kel's Birthday Resolution

Kel was so happy. His mom, dad, and Hero were singing happy birthday for him, and even baby Sally seemed to be getting into it! Everyone was singing, having a whale of a time, and Kel was happy that everyone in his family was here. He remembers how down he felt when Hero couldn't be here last year, but he made time to be here this year, it was wonderful. His presents were all great, too. The greatest one being the new gaming console, the most recent one at that, and some games to go with it! But what he was most excited for, was celebrating with his everyone.

Hero was patting him on the back, talking with him about stuff that happened in collage, "Kel, these people invited me to this one party, but when I got there, I found out-" and listening to Kel's stories. "Hero, this one time I was at the park, and I saw-" It was great to see his brother again, and his parents were clearly happy to have him back as well. Kel was ecstatic his brother could be here this year!

Sally was bubbly as usual, Kel picked her up and gently spun her around a bit, and she let out some amazingly happy noises, she seemed to be in high spirits. Kel wondered who she'd be more like, him or Hero? Either way, he felt so happy to be a big brother. Sally's only a year old, but she was already showing signs of being more like him. Heh...Wait, what if that said something about him?

His dad made some amazing hamburgers, as he usually does. Seriously, how did he cook them this well? Kel was gonna have to ask him at some point-actually, now was a good time. "Hey dad, I was wondering...if you could show me how to make burgers as well as you do?" His dad gave a wide smile, patting him on the back as he joyously said, "Of course! Just promise me you won't run your old man out of a job!" Kel promised, and was admittedly excited for time with his dad.

His mom baked a cake, and boy was it good. Seriously, if food could bring tears, Kel would of cried a tsunami from how good that cake was. And she knew what he liked. It was orange flavored, with frosting and all kinds of other goodness on it. "Hey, mom. You made it orange flavored, but why not orange joe flavored?" He asked. His mom got quite the look on her face as she said "That's what I buried in the backyard this morning..." and Kel decided to not ask any further questions. Guess it works better as a drink. Still, he would of liked to have taste tested that cake...

And good ol' Hector was playing with his toys, barking out loud, running around, causing a ruckus. He pet Hector a whole bunch, and gave him some food. Hector has always been here for Kel, ever since the day they first got him as a puppy. He's so wonderful. Part of him felt bad, giving Hector only kibbles for a birthday meal. Maybe he'd get him something fancy later.

Kel was enjoying all of this, time with his family, but, well...even he couldn't ignore that feeling in his gut.
"Hey, mom, dad? Can I go out for a moment? There's something I need to get at Hobbeez."
"Oh sure, was there something we forgot?" Mom seemed worried, but Kel assured her that it was fine.
Kel's dad knew. He had seen Kel try this for the past few months now. Poor kid...


Kel exited the house, and checked the house. There still wasn't a car in it's driveway, as usual.
He walked over, and started knocking on the door as usual.
"Sunny?" Kel asked, a more somber tone then usual. "Today's my birthday, would you like to come over for some cake?"
...
Kel continued to knock on the door. "Sunny? I'd really like to see you again. I miss you, you know. I'd be really happy if you could visit this year..."
Kel's knocks started getting a bit more desperate, maybe Sunny just didn't hear him? Kel didn't want to bang on the door, but still, if he had too...
Kel started really knocking hard against the door. "Sunny! Are you in there! Helloooo!"
No response. None at all. As usual. As always. Sunny never answered before, but...today was supposed to be different.
"Sunny?" Kel asked, feeling himself starting to fall apart. "You're still my friend, you know. Can't you open the door for me? Please?"
...
Basil was avoiding him, and it always felt like he was scared of him, somehow. He sent an invitation, but he must of missed it.
Aubrey had changed with her new friends, and clearly wanted nothing to do with him. She'd probably laugh if he tried to invite her.
Sunny...Kel hadn't seen Sunny once in the last few years. He wouldn't answer. He handed Sunny's mom an invitation to give him, but...
...
"That's fine, Sunny. Sorry for being a nuisance..." Kel left the "as usual" unsaid, and left, heading back home.


He had to be happy. It was his birthday, and his family would feel bad if he of all people wasn't smiling. So, Kel forced one of his usual smiles, and walked back home. It was only a 10 second walk, but still. He did feel hungry right now...there was still some cake left over that he could eat. Maybe that would help him feel better. Maybe they could even order from Gino's? Pizza is always great to have on a birthday, after all. At least, on his birthdays.

As he was walking up the driveway, Hector suddenly jumped at him, tackling him to the grass. Guess he left the door open, and Hector got out. And jeez, could this tiny dog tackle! Kel let out a bit of a laugh, as he started petting him. "Sorry, buddy! I'll be sure to give you some leftover food, how about that?" He asked, as Hector continued licking at his face. "Alright, down boy, down!" Kel said, as Hector got off him. Well, now he feels a little better. Thanks, buddy...

Kel went up to his room. Hero was in there, setting up the console. "Oh, you're back, Kel. Would you like to play some of the new games we got you?" Kel felt his smile turn genuine. "Of course! We can play for the rest of the day, and order some pizza!"
It was good to be home, Hero thought to himself, as he and Kel played one of the new games they got.

Kel missed his friends, but...there was always next year. He could try inviting Basil and Sunny again, and maybe if Hero was there, he could even convince Aubrey to join in. It would be like old times...all his friends, back together. They could even have a picnic again, at the spot by the lake!
Yeah, that's what he'll do! Next year's birthday would be even better then this one!
Sunny, Basil, Aubrey, and Hero! All of them could be together again, like the good old days...
But, he was getting ahead of himself. He needed to focus on this game. He was getting stomped by Hero at this game. They'd had the game for less then an hour, yet Hero already mastered it. He needed to beat Hero at least once, or he'd never hear the end of it...
