“You shouldn’t say things like that sempai,” Fuma sighed tucking a lock of Astel’s hair behind his ear. “You really make your listeners worry with those comments. It makes me worry too.” His fingers slid over Astel’s flushed cheek down to his chin. Astel made a soft noise blinking up with wet eyes, his lips twitching around Fuma’s cock. Fuma stared back sharp pale blue eyes piercing tugging him closer sinking deeper into his throat with a groan. “I admire your bluntness and how you aren’t afraid to speak your mind but bringing up graduation because you’re frustrated isn’t good.” Astel’s lips touched his groin briefly before he was pulled back by his hair and dragged forward once more. 

He whined the sound making his throat vibrate.  Fuma grunted from the feeling; his grip tightening on his silky hair. Astel didn’t fight the pull letting his body remain loose, throat plaint letting Fuma fuck his mouth. Drool dripped down his chin, there were moments where it was hard to breathe, when he could only inhale for a split second before being restuffed, but his mind was pleasantly blank. The extreme annoyance he had for the event managers was gone. The stress building up in him as his birthday drew near melted away. Astel let the sensations drown out the thoughts flying about his head, focusing only on the weight and bitter taste on his tongue, the feeling of his throat bulging with each plunge, and Fuma's breathy moans and low growls. 

"Senpai's mouth is amazing," Fuma giggled shakily pupils blown wide. "You really needed this huh, Astel-senpai?  You're taking me so easily, so deeply." His fingers pressed to where his dick was visible and they both shuddered. "You're doing so good senpai." Fuma smiled, cheeks red. His expression was full of affection. Astel felt his face flushing darker equally embarrassed and aroused at the words. He shivered feeling warm all over, his mouth felt sensitive from Fuma's purposely slow movements. It was almost torturous how his member moved in and out. But it still felt so good.

Fuma murmured a litany of praise toward him stroking the back of his neck gently. Astel let it wash over him submerging into his thoughts. He couldn't drum up the usual flustered exasperation from Fuma's gushing. It was just so nice to hear how well he was doing right now. Astel's eyes slid close and he sucked swallowing, undulating his tongue, lapping at the head each draw back. Fuma panted hunching over, fingers trembling on his skin. His voice rose wavering, words becoming slurred. He was beginning to squirm in place ecstasy creeping across his face. Astel could feel him twitching as he grew closer to his peak. The sudden urge to have Fuma come down his throat struck him, made heat flare up in his cheeks again. He sucked harder curling his tongue humming doing what he could to get Fuma to ejaculate.

Fuma cried out, his grip on Astel's hair so tight it hurt. He bucked reaching the deepest part of Astel's throat. Astel swallowed tongue fluttering against the underside of his dick. Fuma uttered a garbled moan of his name. His thighs quivered against his head, hands clenching holding him still. Fuma rocked twice into his mouth and came with a broken keen. Astel purred feeling Fuma's hot jizz slide down his throat. It made a well of pleased warmth fill him. Fuma's grip loosened enough for him to pull back running his tongue over his softening member catching the last strings shooting out. 

Fuma shook above him staring with dazed yellow eyes chest heaving as he caught his breath. The blissed out expression on his face coupled with his flushed cheeks was too cute. Astel felt satiated even though his dick throbbed in his pants, he didn't feel the need to have it taken care of. Not to mention Fuma needed sometime to cool down. 

Astel let his head drop on Fuma's thigh and sighed when his fingers immediately buried themselves in his hair rubbing at his scalp, paying particular attention to where his hair was gripped. His mind was completely empty, emotions calm. 

"Fuma," Astel could barely hear himself with how low and scratchy his voice was, "Thank you." 

Fuma traced the shell of his ear with a nail making shivers go up and down his spine. "You're welcome senpai."