## The adventures of space anon

>It's time for the continuation of our Space-Anon's Spiffy Adventure!
>Previously, our hero managed to foil the invasions of the Giantess Pirates of the Felinidae sector with nothing but a black hole powered laser pointer on their main ship
>And before that, I hope you didn't forget about the thralls of Reptilea and how they were defeated!
>If you did, don't forget to get these radio plays at your nearest Radio Shack!
>But now, we come to today's adventure, which begins with SpaceAnon coming across an admirer
>The tiny thief Ratita!
>After skulking around SpaceAnon's ship and helping herself to a few rations, she's caught!
>But while trying to protest her incarceration, she lets out two secrets!
>The first: she's had a crush on our very own SpaxeAnon!?
>Looks like she's been following us around since SpaceAnon was first abducted and has followed his particular brand of heroic chaos
>And the second: she's got a map to a secret, and valuable location
>If SpaceAnon promises her freedom, she'll cut him in for a part of the loot
>"90-10" she shouts "best I can do after I put in all this work"

>So what'll it be?

>"Fine 80-20!" Ratita shouts as SpaceAnon starts cycling through the SpaceNet's Crime boards, where a bunch of Wanted posters of our little Ratita come out, as well as a few Contract offers for her and SpaceAnon...
>Seems like a few people haven't appreciated our Hero's brand of heroic chaos
>"How about 60-40 and I pay for the fuel to leave?" Ratita says, realizing she hasn't been the best thief in this sector
>SpaceAnon puts her in one of his vest pockets and quite quickly finds himself leaving many problems behind

>IN SPACE

>Ratita and SpaceAnon find themselves infiltrating the hideout of a band of questionable pirates
>No special forces here, these louts are loud, aggressive, and addicted to everything
>Which is why SpaceAnon and Ratita, who is now holding on to his shoulder, are doing their best to stay quiet and get the special treasure in the heart of the facility
>But it would never be as simple as sneaking through the facility at night, when these baddies are fast asleep.
>NO!
>SpaceAnon has to gamble everything on saving the Possimian Doctor locked in a pet carrier, who is constantly shaking her cage in a bid to escape
>"Hey, Listen!" Ratita tries to pull SpaceAnon's face back to the mission. "We can't be risking *ourselves* to save every random person we find. If we get caught, it'll be all over for us!"
>But SpaceAnon can't help but help people in danger!
>He's already doing his best to sneak up on the lone, inattentive guard while Ratita sighs and prepares to pick the lock on the caged Doctor.
>SpaceAnon quickly darts up to the half-asleep guard and gets the furred menace into a chokehold, using his feet to keep from bouncing against the walls or letting any loose object hit the floor!
>The surprised Pirate puts up a struggle, but a sudden hit of powder to the face quickly puts it to sleep!
>"Don't worry, it was just something they use to take a nap after a rough day of crime." The Possimian Doctor tells our Hero as he puts the Pirate down on the sofa
>"What are you doing here?" Ratita asks, looking up to the 1 foot tall Doctor
>"I'm Doctor T.P. Anda and I was in charge of researching a piece of lost technology. Unfortunately, our security wasn't up to snuff and we were found out right before I could test my theory. We've been moved around ever since, looking for the highest bidder. You must be the security team sent to save me?"
>Before our hero SpaceAnon can respond honestly, Ratita jumps in. "Yes, we are. Please make sure to let your employers know how good and efficient and paid we should be so this doesn't get leaked further."
>"If we can grab the two green activation crystals, I'm fine with leaving the rest of the device here." Doctor T.P. Anda says as she climbs on to SpaceAnon's other shoulder while Ratita's ears perk up. "I overheard them mention them."
>The second of many floors has a bunch of lockers and containers, with all manners of loot and armament. There is, however, a pile of treasure behind two doors, but a sleeping guard stands between them. That and the shiny bell that will ring if the door is opened...
>"I'm up. Two green crystals, right?" Ratita says as she slips in through a tiny crack in the windowed door. The guard is none the wiser as Ratita shuffles in, then back out with the one crystal in her arms and the other around her tail, plus an enormous smile on her tiny face
>"There's a literal mountain of treasure in there! You wouldn't mind me lifting a few more. I saw credit chips and jewels and gems and all sorts of valuable things!" She squeaks to SpaceAnon as loudly as she could, which wasn't much
>But SpaceAnon prioritized the safety of the Doctor, who wasn't equipped like they were.
>"One. Two. Three. Uhh... Yup, all still there." 
>Looks like the baddies didn't trust each other and this guard came in to make sure they weren't helping themselves to the group treasure. Good thing Ratita didn't go back in there for more!
>Our brave hero's move on to the third floor, where Dr. T.P. Anda's strange device was located. It looked like a strange ship, with small openings throughout.
>"Me and the other scientists I was working with thought it was a container, but we couldn't get past the outer shell, and all we could find in the small 'room' inside was some sort of scanner thing. It would only react when we brought in the crystals, but it wasn't until right before we got taken that I think I figured out how to activate it."
>As they looked on at the strange thing, the lights on the first floor turned on and in came a hovertruck. There were no alarms and only two other pirates seem to have bothered to welcome the new arrival.
>"We got ourselves a fresh load of merchandise." A pirate smugly says, as the back of the hovertruck is opened and out come collared and chained slaves.
>"No. No. No." Ratita tries to get SpaceAnon to just get out, "We can call the police or someone else to deal with them."

>But SpaceAnon was not going to get weak in the knees now and Ratita knew it.
>SpaceAnon will make some noise and lights and a mess overall, then take the hovertruck to somewhere, while Dr. T.P. Anda and Ratita could hopefully hide inside and even call for help.
>Ratita sighed as she and the Doctor headed into the device, while SpaceAnon rigged up a few lights and smoke grenades to cover his escape. And with a breath, he headed down

>BANG

>PEW

>POW

>SpaceAnon managed to unchain a few of the slaves, and as he headed with them to the driver seat, he was tackled by a Pirate!
>Knocking the blaster from his hands, SpaceAnon decided to focus on saving the helpless. He shouted for them to turn on the vehicle and leave, while he struggled with the Pirate.
>A few other Pirates began to shout, rushing towards him, but as the vehicle turned on, SpaceAnon let himself smile internally.
>But the adventure doesn't end here!
>The Pirate that was on top of SpaceAnon suddenly goes flying off of him, as if kicked by a massive and unknown leg in the smoke.
>Blasters and weapon fire stops almost as soon as they started, the Pirates yelling at something out of view.
>When another Pirate spots SpaceAnon and rushes towards him, a massive Paw materialized above the Pirate and slammed him down. An even bigger arm shoved a pirate into the wall.
>What was going on!?
>Well, we just had to wait until the dust settled. Or in this case, the nanomachines!
>A three story tall Ratita and a five story tall Doctor T.P. Anda stood in the middle of the Pirate's hideout, holding and restraining the Pirates. The two giant ladies seem to be impervious to the weapons and quickly wrap up the pirates.
>"It was Smart Matter!" The giant Doctor shouts rumbling the walls. "It's old and it'll need to be recharged, but it works!"
>SpaceAnon would celebrate with the two big ladies, if it wasn't for the fact that the smart matter didn't make clothes big enough to fit their new size, and as a proper gentlemen, SpaceAnon didn't want to look
>But Ratita didn't have such worries, and thanks to SpaceAnon's efforts, she just managed to not only get a big score for herself, she got something she could be proud of with putting away the Pirates and saving the poor Slaves
>"I promised you 60-40 SpaceAnon, but how about something else..." Ratita says as she lifts up SpaceAnon, a devious smile on her face.
>"We can't go far from the device, and we'll be back to our original size in an hour..." The Doctor adds
>"Well then..." Ratita kisses her hero and more, but here is where we have to end our adventure for today, though it didn't end for SpaceAnon just yet!
>Tune in next time!
