->Prologue<-

Thursday, 1 April 1915 
>The subject's leg chain was discovered broken. Increased cuff thickness has resulted in snapping of the chain. Cell bars have extreme damage. Subject to be rehoused with chain of thicker gauge. 
>Custodian reports hearing screaming and crying of subject upon arrival to facility this morning. Subject claims distress about discovering he "may have escaped" again. 
>Subject again covered in crusty substance. All remaining flakes of the substance sent to be analyzed with the last batch. 
>Councilor unable to work memories out of subject. Reports subject hysterics becoming more unstable. Recommends Electrotherapy. Recommendation denied. 
>End of Report

Friday, 30 April 1915
>Subject has escaped again. Chain mounting brackets ripped from wall. Cell bars heavily have extreme damage. Heavier mounting hardware requested.
>Subject has tearing and bruising on cuffed leg. Doesn't seem bothered by it. Distressed about himself escaping again
>Subject again covered in crusty substance. Higher volume than last escape. Samples sent to testing.
>Theorized substance secretions caused by transformation. Possible more secretions signal stronger transformation.
>Councilor reports irritability and distress. No drastic change in emotional state. Recommends Electrotherapy. Recommendation denied.
>End of report

Saturday, 29 May 1915
>Subject successfully restrained. Heavy bruising on subject's restrained leg. Upon inspection it appears to have healed a heavy wound overnight. Subjects testicles appear swollen? When handled subject makes unruly sexual demands for the doctor.
>Wall mounting bracket has two bolts snapped. Request for second chain and mounting for subject's other leg requested along with repairs of current restraints.
>Subject's cell pooled with blood and fur, signs of successful transformation. No crusty substance on subject to collect. Blood and fur samples taken.
>Researchers claim link to lunar cycles with transformations. Data from other investigators show moderate evidence for this. Successful restraint means it may be permissible to monitor subject at night.
>Councilor reports unruly lewd behavior from subject, claims it is signs of homosexuality, possible demonic possession. Recommended urgent Electrotherapy and holy cleansing. Electrotherapy denied. Holy cleansing authorized.
>End of report

Monday, 28 June 1915
>Subject successfully restrained. Both chained legs fractured on subject but healing. Testicles have receded in size slightly. Some white crusty substance around subjects palms and pelvic area.
>Subject claims researchers wouldn't help him, making excessive verbal threats. Subject becoming conspiratorial, demands to be released. Request denied. Subject reminded of medical agreement he signed.
>Subject's restraints heavily damaged at mounting brackets. Subject to be sedated due to aggressiveness before repairs.
>Subject's cell pooled with blood and fur. Thick white crusty substance coated on the floor all around subject. Samples collected for more testing.
>Researcher duo monitoring confirms transformation occurred at moonrise last night. Researchers report transformed subject could communicate in fragmented english. Subject only requested release, becoming more aggressive with every denial. Researchers left area shortly after noticing mounting bolt damage due to risk of attack.
>Councilor reports physically violent behavior during interview. Nail scratches confirmed on councilor, claims subject attempted to bite as well. Reports subject as distrustful of all authority. Recommends urgent electrotherapy and trephination. Electrotherapy approved. Terephination denied.
>End of Report

Tuesday, 27 July 1915 
>Subject escaped. Extreme damage to cell bars. Amputated feet in subject's leg restraints, appears chewed and snapped off. Subjects eyes extremely red and irritated. Subject discovered in fetal position of cell. Covered in crusty substance.
>Subject's feet missing, nubs budding from leg stub. Possibly foot regeneration. Subject mostly unreceptive. Mumbles death threats at staff. Extreme restriction methods to now be enforced on subject. All limbs and neck will be chained a week prior to next full moon.
>One researcher killed, one injured. The two were observing the Subject in the cell. Survivor claims they watched the transformation, but forgot some materials. Survivor went to obtain tranquilizer and coffee. Upon return he discovered subject escaped and was goring his partner. He fired tranquilizer and missed. Subject then pounced and bit him. He threw coffee in subjects face and it dragged itself out of the facility at surprisingly fast speed.
>Survivor reports subject was covered in crusty substance upon return but did not have it during initial transformation. When asked why he did not contact anyone he claims he went unconscious after the bite and only awoke after the subject returned.
>Blood trail leaving facility leads into woods. Research team sent to track where trail leads and report any discoveries and set up camp where subject seems to go.
>Councilor session with Subject reports he has lost all trust for staff. Claims "my kind is the only I can trust". Subject has made very targeted death threats at councilor. Claims "one of yours belongs to us now". Councilor demands unrestricted electrotherapy and lobotomy for subject. Electrotherapy approved, lobotomy denied.
>Councilor also gave psyche evaluation to survivor. Believes he has been infected with whatever "demon" is in subject. Requests electrotherapy and bloodletting on survivor. Electrotherapy approved. Bloodletting approved. 
>End of Report 


Wednesday, 25 August 1915
>Subject has been let out. No cell damage, gate ajar. No Restraint damage, all shackles open. Subject found smoking in his cell. Laughed at researchers when asked who let him out. Subject clean? No samples to collect.
>Survivor of last attack volunteered to monitor him last night, is missing.
>Research camp team will be contacted shortly to confirm subject's activity in the suspected area in the woods.
>Councilor office ravaged. Various documents destroyed, subject psychological profile missing. Councilor has quit, refuses session with subject. Subject says he will only talk to me.
>End of Report.

Log Update:
>I don't know if we can even do this anymore. The research team has been discovered at their meeting site with their bodies either mangled or missing. Someone from town discovered them before we did and a mob was outside our fort grounds. They say our research is a grave failure and we should have killed the subject as soon as he offered himself to us. They don't understand how futile that would have been, he was never the only one.
>I have talked with the subject, he has told me at least half of my staff is infected. He was released and claims the town belongs to them. I don't know if he's bluffing but I can't afford to challenge him, at least not anymore. Some of my best men are either having their dental records confirmed or are nowhere to be found.
>We will shut down the facility and claim the subject has been euthanized. He wants this place to be his home but I can't guarantee that to him. I will house him for a couple more months for a little more data as we organize what's left of our research and slowly dismantle the grounds as to keep suspicion down that he's still alive. 

Friday, 24 September 1915
>"The amount of data I got over the last month is staggering. The subject was caught coming back to our facility and the mob followed him. They were enraged, so much so they forcibly set the place ablaze. Obviously he planned this from the start, but I know he doesn't have the expertise to execute such a plan alone. He found the home of the councilor, abducted him and ran back into the facility. He then snuck out but left the councilor inside of the flaming structure for the town to find as "evidence" that the wolf has now been culled, and joked that he had half a mind to take me in there as well at one point. At least I hope it was a joke. I imagine being the head overseer of his suffering for the last few months has left a mark on him, but my regret for his treatment over the last couple months may have convinced him to spare me.
>The team successfully moved all our research on the subject and his condition, having vastly more insight due to the fact that it is now confirmed multiple of my personnel are in fact afflicted with the same ailment and trusted me enough to share their own experiences with it. Their status is a secret to the rest of the staff though, the politics of the matter would tear the team apart even more so than they have been before. I have taken a majority of the blame within the team as the "sole mediary" with the subject. For the sake of science what's been collected will be distributed to other communities in hopes they can find a cure for whatever this ailment is. Our subject has offered me one last opportunity for research though, but he says only I can be trusted to observe this project alone.
>The original research massacre sight is sacred ground is what he's told me. The most honorable of his kind meets there to ritualize transformation of new blood into their kind. He says he can hide me somewhere to watch, to see their transformation and who participates in them. He claims despite the vitriol of the town even the highest ranking leaders have not only been fully aware of this spot, but actively worked to participate and hide the existence of their rituals. There has not been very much evidence of this, but a few of my infected subordinates attest to knowing other town members of various roles also participating in secret.
>I have agreed to see this for myself under the next full moon, October 23rd is what our astrologist has told us. It is possible this is a trap. If so, the location of the ritual spot is- [REDACTED]"

>The end of this text is ripped out of the notebook, and several pages beyond it have been torn out. There appears to be claw marks and a bit of crusty residue on what's left of the blank pages following.



->The Hallowed Ritual<-

23 October, 1915
>	I was placed in a thick bush, the branches were cut to make the insides of the plant hollow for my comfort. I have been waiting here for almost 10 hours now with no food and only a few sips of water when the thirst was overwhelming. It was important that I leave minimal scent, too much activity would leave my stench all over these woods and any fluid releases could leave too pungent of a stench to again give off my lurking. When I first arrived I had a bright perfect view of an open clearing. Settled on the plain grass was a stone altar with a few odd stone pillars placed around the perimeter of the clearing. There’s a semblance of symmetry in the layout but based on the size and odd number of stones it’s apparent this is still a work in progress with placeholders strewn about. As of now, all within my sight is pitch black night. The moon’s shining light was apparent but blocked by clouds. The sound of crickets and croaks of toads have been my only stimulation for the last 3 hours. I was beginning to be be lulled into slumber until I saw a slight flicker of torchlight begin to illuminate the clearing. 

>	The patter of many footsteps rustling grass shook me out of my daze and when I peeked from within the bushes I saw two of the creatures, Wolfmen, carrying multiple torches, placing them all around the clearing. Their large muscular frames drove the long bodies of the torches feet into the ground with ease, as if they were planting a flag in sand. Trailing the them was a larger cluster of Wolfmen, the most distinct one in the front of the pack. He was robed in white, the cloth of his outfit looking very familiar. It was a roughly stitched attire, something small modified to be sized up to the beast’s gargantuan muscles. His eyes were hidden by the hood, but his large muzzle protruded, his maw shut but toothy. The several others perpendicular to his position had only waist-cloths covering their delicates, but were dragging heavy chains with them, chains I could recognize immediately. They were the kind used in our facility to restrain the beast we had inside.
>	“Set up the altar,” the robed beast commanded, “The ritual will commence.”

>	With that statement the beasts with the chains moved towards the altars, some further back came up with mallets and steaks to drive the chains into the ground. As they all moved I saw the group they were encircling. Three men, bare-assed with their hands bound by rope all watched with a different demeanor in their reaction to the setup. Two anxious, and one with a blank stare. As the setup of the altar completed, the robed Wolfman spoke once again with his rough voice.
>	“Gentlemen, your transformation to a creature of greater power is tonight. What begins now is the start of a new world built from pawed hands, with the old torn in twain by our claws!”
>	The various Wolfmen around the grounds howl in unison.
>	“The process is simple. You will be restrained. Before the transformation we desire you to be as relaxed as possible, then you will be bitten. One bite from three of us, it will accelerate the process, you will be fully transformed in minutes. The rapid pace of this change will drive you mad, but we have discovered a method to sedate you instantaneously. You may barely remember this night, it will feel like a dream, but know this dream is the start of your new reality.”
>	The Wolfmen howl once again.
>	“Now, who will be the first?”

>	The three men stood in silence, one trembling, one standing close seeming like he’s trying to nudge him to calm himself, and the last after a moment of still silence takes a step forward.
>	“I am ready”.
>	The robed Wolfman gets a snarling grin on his face.
>	“Then lay your flesh upon the altar, arms and legs spread, and you will be restrained and we may begin.
>	The man takes on last deep breath before lying his back upon the cold stone slab. The clasps of metal cuffs echo through the still forest as several Wolfmen surround him. Their leader takes a step back to observe the proclivity,
>	“Commence the proclivity. When his body shifts the scent of his musk, sink your teeth into his flesh.”

>	The Wolfmen take an asymmetrical disbursement around the chained man. The most peculiar positionings of note is two of them sticks their noses into the victim’s armpits and one into his genitals. The irregular, rapid to deep whiffs they take signal they are trying to catch a whiff of a something. A change of musk the leader said, are these the most pungent zones to track such a change? What could possibly trigger it? After a few seconds of their odd sniffing ritual, the Wolfman near his lowers begins to lap at the restrained man’s flaccid member. This seems to be a sort of signal, for right after he starts the few other Wolfmen sitting idle begin to lap at various other regions of his body while the other two stay fixed on his armpits. One of the Wolfmen joining in starts lapping at his leg, while the two others focus on his chest and stomach. The man makes light grunts, they sound to be of a combination of discomfort and a desire to remain calm under all this new stimulation

>	A couple minutes pass and the bound man’s cock is thick and throbbing. With this the Wolfman at his nether region paws to retract his foreskin and laps his long thick tongue along the man’s glans as he begins to squirm harder. Another begins to suck and kiss at his belly while massaging his thigh with his muscular clawed hands, his tender grip relaxing the restrained man’s tension. Another lightly dances his tongue along the nipples, growling lowly while peering up at their victim, who seems to get lost in his eyes. Down below, the wolf originally at his leg was now tending to his feet. This beast of the group seemed the most peculiar to me. He was massaging his soles while sniffing the toes, but seemingly not as in such an analytical way as the other three were. He seemed to becoming stimulated from this himself, for his member dropped shortly after and he began stroking himself as his sniff turned to licks, which didn’t take very long to turn into sucking on toes. As this ritual was advancing, the robed leader casually strolled around, observing the work of his disciples. 

>	A few minutes later, the chained volunteer started squirming more viciously as his breaths got louder and his groans of ecstasy started vocalizing more. With this, the two Wolfmen in his pits dug their snout deeper, sniffing louder than before, then immediately pulled themselves out of his pits, looked at each other, and then looked back at the Wolfman servicing the restrained male’s cock. They all nodded towards each other, and the Wolfman at the man’s lower region moved the massaging hand of an adjacent cooperator off of the victim’s thigh, and sunk his teeth deeply into the man’s flesh. The man screams out in pain, and the two Wolfmen at his pits then proceed to fiercely chomp on his arm and hold their grip as he screams out in pain. The other two servicing Wolfmen back off, except the one at the man’s feet, who seems to force his muzzle with even greater force into the man’s soles as he strokes himself deeper.

>	Almost instantly I notice a change in the man’s physicality. His body begins to grow in size, and his body hair thickens in pattern and length slowly but surely. His bloodied screams slowly develop into dastardly snarls as his mouth begins to foam and his face begins changing shape. His sharp jawline manifests into a thick muzzle as he tenses up and begins trying to fight his way out of the chains. His tender feet turns into a pawed and clawed hazard, with the wolf man near him suddenly falling back, nearly getting hit by a swipe of his toes, still pleasuring himself to the squirming sight it seems.

>	As his strength gets more fierce, the three Wolfmen let their grip go, and the one at the now transformed man’s genitals fixes his attention back on the victim’s cock, shoving his still throbbing dick straight into his maw, working his muzzle up and down as he slurps deep down. He also slides his paw underneath the restrained recruit and appears to glide his fingers into his rectum. Their subject jumps a little, I can see his body fiercely tensing up in his loins. He lets out a loud howl, and seemingly instinctively, the rest of the pack except their robed leader and the foot fiend howls with him. As the subject’s loins tighten his pelvis is in the air, the Wolfman on his cock has his muzzle pushed down to his base, his tongue loose from his maw lightly massaging the balls of their new soldier of the night. Down at the ex-man’s feet, his clenched toeclaws has another muzzle buried back into them, the Wolfman there stroking himself quickly and to completion before falling back again. Some of the other Wolfmen, including their leader give him a glare but he seems not to notice.

>	The newly transformed man’s wolf body goes from tense to limp as he falls unconscious. The Wolfman at his genitals slides his maw back and has a flaccid penis slump out of his sloppy maw. Excessive seed drips from his lips and he wipes it off onto his paw, then gives one deep lick into the mess and gives a thick gulp.
>	“It is done, unchain him and lie him over in the distance to rest” he commands,
>	“Now, which of the others is next?”
>	Their robed leader turns to the other two humans, one trembling, on the brink of becoming a sobbing mess and what I at the time could only assume to be a close friend trying desperately to calm his nerves. The robed Wolfman slow steps towards the tremoring man and bluntly states “Remember, there is no turning back now. You know too much, it is transition to a new life, or die in this life.”
>	The tremoring man begins to sob, and the other begins to speak up for him.
>	“W-we’re going to do this, he just has one request. He wants this, believe me, but we have been together for so long, he is very faithful, our only request is that I… Relax him for the ritual and you have your men only bite.”
>	The lead Wolfman takes a good look at the couple, and seems to ponder if such action should be permissible. He then nods and states “I will allow this. Your commitment to each other shows a strong bond, I’m certain such a connection in our ranks will have long term benefits. We will set you up, and you will take the place at his loins”.

>	The trembling man is escorted to the altar and restrained like the other, two Wolfmen again deep in his pits, but with the human male on his knees at the base of the altar. At the far end of the clearing, I couldn’t help but notice one of the Wolfmen, the one ‘tending’ to the feet of their last victim, seems to be held back by a couple guards, and a bit disgruntled at this compromise. The ‘free’ man with his hands still bound by rope sighs deeply and does what’s expected of him. He begins worshiping his restrained partner’s penis until it stiffens. His chained partner has his eyes shut tight and has a bit of a whimper. 
>	“I-I need you to know,” he anxiously blurts out “whatever happens I love you.”
>	His partner stops worshiping to respond, “I love you too, now relax okay? We’re going to be fine.” 

>	As this unorthodox performance of this ritual continues, the restrained man stiffens and his partner works his shaft with his still roped hands.
>	“It’s just you and I here. This ritual is just our routine.”
>	He then begins sucking off his partner, lightly rubbing his thighs to both warm his tremoring naked body and relax his anxieties. Soon, the restrained’s whimpers turn to grunts, which turns to moans, the Wolfmen in his pits begin to scoff as if they’re sensing a change. The robed leader seems as if he’s sniffing the air as well, and quietly prowls his way behind the servicing male. The last two human men seem to have lost themselves into this moment, forgetting the predation that surrounds them. Even the man sucking begins to get stiff, his hands going from soothing his partner to pleasing himself as he works his head on his lover’s thick cock, who begins to squirm even more. The bound man’s vocalizations get more rousing as he tries to fight his chains, his body language changing from tense to desperate for more of his lover’s passion.
>	“Fuck me,” he demands, “I need you inside.”
>	The servicing male then picks himself up and tries to pull his partners leg up to be pressed, but the chains they seem to have forgotten about limits this movement.
>	The elder speaks up, “Undo his chains, I have quite an interesting feeling about this.”
>	With slight hesitancy, a few observing Wolfmen undo their shackles and the now standing male hoists his partner into him. Prodding his partner, he realizes he shouldn’t penetrate dry. Though he’s hesitant, he knows he cannot snap his partner out of this moment, else they could lose all this progress, and with that their lives. The robed leader though, very intuitive seems to have worked up quite a mouth-water, as if he was starving and seeing a meal for the first time in a week. He slobbers all over his paw and reaches around and slaps his slickness over the top’s cock. He leans over and whispers in his ear, “Complete the ritual.”

>	The man then starts pumping into his partner, their grunts and moans echoing through the forest as their flesh pounds into each other. I can see perhaps spouts of jealousy in their audience, the Wolfmen surrounding them seem to have begin either stroking themselves or trying to ignore their unfurled members as they take in the passion they’re witnessing. The rhythm of the couple picks up as they hold each other tighter. The sniffing Wolfman pair again seems to detect a change. They pull themselves back and look back at each other and then their leader.
>	“I-I’m gonna cum!” The pounded male exclaims. With this the two Wolfmen sink their teeth into his arms which then begin to desperately grip at his lover’s back and pull him in, using his body as a stress reliever. His top stops to let him take in this tense moment, the leader himself leans himself over the top and takes a chomp onto his shoulder. Along with that, both men feel sharp pains in their legs, several Wolfmen have attached themselves to the breeding couple. With that, their transformation begins as it were with the first run of this ritual. The men scream in pain as their bodies transform, and again their wails turn to howls as their lips turn to maws and her hands turn to claws. The force of this transformation even breaks the ropes around the arms of the topping male.

>	With this new form, instead of being snapped out of their romance their passion reaches an extreme. The top begins pounding at his bottom with such fierce energy that their audience is beginning to pant hard, the intoxicating aura of their love sending euphoria out to the crowd. The bottom pulls his top close as the hard, speedy thrusts of his cock have them both howling in pleasure. 
>	“Beautiful!” The robed leader exclaims, his cloth attire even having a small tent of his own, “This is the bond we are striving for!”
>	He then looks around and notices all his disciples seem to be distracted with each other. The ‘refined’ scene of this ritual ground has turned to a full blown orgy. The Wolfmen all around have taken to pleasuring each other. Slopping maws take each other’s tongues deeply, docking cocks are accompanied by panting breaths, risen asses taken doggy style by eager mounters, and again one queer beast has slumped off to preoccupy himself with the feet of their slumbering neophyte as he strokes himself again.

>	This was such a disgusting scene, all these beasts turning to their most animalistic desires. Why was I so hard? I just couldn’t help but stroke myself as well. As I did I my activity caused myself to rustle my cover a little, and when I realized I had, it was too late to run. I shut my eyes just for a moment, imagining myself with the crowd, and when I opened them I saw their leading stomping to my position. Before I could even slide my pants back up his claw clasped around my arm and he yanked me out of the bush.
>	“Boveri, I knew you’d be here, let’s not make a fuss right now. Let us ‘experiment’ together one last time.”
>	I was taken aback, but the intensity of the moment made me recluse into my primal instincts as well. He pulled me under his robes and the musk of his hefty balls and throbbing cock was intoxicating.  I immediately got to work on his shaft. If this beast is really who I think it is, I know what he craves. I lightly lay my teeth into his thigh and start stroking him vigorously as he starts panting deeply.
>	“My hide is thicker, I need you to bite down harder!”
>	I follow his command stroke him even deeper as I comply.
>	“Ah, FUCK!” he exclaims, and begins firing off ropes of his hot thick cum. With that volume and sensitivity, this is exactly who I think it is. Our subject wasn’t lying, he had men working within my facility, and now I know they infiltrated our ranks much deeper than I thought.  He then starts fondling his balls while he lays himself out, completely forgetting my presence. This doesn’t surprise me, even as a Wolfman his sexual quirks are just as typical as they’ve always been. Now that I’m aware of who it is, it doesn’t surprise me that this is how his little “cult” operates. 

>	I probably should have ran in the moment, but this momentary distraction has shown me not only was I discovered, at the very least their dear leader knew I was here all along. It wouldn’t surprise me if the initial subject tipped him off about where I would be located. With escape in the long term being futile, I crawled back into my recluse bush and ‘finished up’ observing their rituals for my journal. Unfortunately this distraction made me miss quite a bit of data to record, but while most of the enclave seemed tuckered out and satisfied, the two new bloods on the altar have slowed down to a more passionate pace and stare into each other’s eyes. This struck me as quite peculiar, as primal as the rest of them seemed, these two acted as if they were still human with their love. Perhaps there’s more to their transformation than bloodthirst, and apparently cum cravings... And uh, a craving for appendages on a spectrum from plantigrade to digitigrade for some it seems.

>	The two on the slab has a very romantic climax, I could tell how they tightened that it was done, and when they finished they nuzzled snouts and slumbered on top of one another. The scene for this was quite beautiful. The clouds cleared, and a shining full moon lit up the whole site, making everything as clear as day with the moonlight. The whole enclave seemed to have zoned out, seems this sort of activity is especially draining for their kind. Again, I could try to escape, but I know they know me and could find me, so I again held ground to see if they’d awaken. Before I dozed off myself their leader seemed to snap out of his self fondling trance and got up in a bit of a hurry, away from my bush and back towards his colony.

>	He kicks and shakes his more experienced subjects awake.
>	“Come now, we have to clear this site. The moon’s beginning to wain. It sets soon.”
>	Weary and drained, his subjects slump up, waking each other up and partaking in light chatter as they begin collecting their things. Even after attempts to wake the new recruits, they seemed deep in slumber and the Wolfmen carried the three unconscious bodies with them as they packed. As they began wrapping things up, the leader ordered them back to a location with an odd name, ‘The Den’ he called it, but held one Wolfman behind and said they’d catch up with the group but need a chat. Perhaps I’d figure out their location.

>	I did not get such information. Instead I got to eavesdrop on a very awkward conversation on podiatry activity on fresh recruits. There was some bickering and a little arguing, and it ended with a grumbling beast that seemed to have made a reluctant agreement to at least save such activity until after the ritual with consenting wolves. As the disgruntled fetishist made his way back with the rest of the group, their robe leader turned his way to me and approached.

>	“Are you satisfied with your research now?” he inquired. I explained how this night has given me much to think about and so much more to observe. I also questioned how he knew I was here.
>	“Our ‘subject’ as you like to call him, I set him up to place you where I could catch you. I know how you are Boveri, so willing to take such a foolish risk for your work.”
>	I had so many questions for him, but wasn’t sure how many answers he would be willing to give, so I asked the biggest first, why is he leading all of this? Why take part in creating more monsters?
>	“They aren’t as beastly as you’d expect” he replied, “I was just as curious as you are, so I took a plunge as deep as I could go. Under all that fur and fangs is still the simple ideas of simple people, this whole ‘ritual’ is just another means of me testing their psyche.”
>	Dostoevsky always had the most eccentric means of experimenting on the subjects back at our old research facility. I couldn’t help but ask what fruits his research has garnered. He scoffed at me before his reply.
>	“Yes well, about this research, I can’t help but feel your work will interfere with mine. You are looking for a cure of the body, but I’m looking for a cure of the mind. With this difference in intended outcomes, I can’t help but feel as a net, you are a danger not only to me, but my subjects. As long as they are only subjects to be studied you will treat them as expendable, and while I do respect your work, I must do my best to protect them as you must do your best to dissect them. With that said, I offer you an ultimatum.”
>	I look up at the falling moon, and then back at him.
>	“I can kill you right now, but I will leave all your research in tact, even what you’ve witnessed this very night. You can hope someone else with a mind as great as yours will stumble upon it and create the cure you’re looking for.”
>	My heart began to race, if my first option is to die, I think I already know what my alternative is.
>	“Your other option, a bite. You become one of of these creatures, unlocking yourself not only the ability to walk among us, but also get a first hand experience on how it feels to be us. I know you care little for the emotional implications of that, but that’s a lot of first hand data to collect. In exchange though, you must destroy everything you’ve written about this night. There is a place we send outcasts, you will go there and can collect all the data you like with them, I won’t risk you being around my subjects, you’ll ruin **my** experiment.”

>	As much as such a choice pains me, the correct one is obvious. I can’t wait around for someone competent to possibly stumble upon my work, I need to be able to work actively to figure out how to fix these monsters. Even with all I’ve learned tonight, it’s just one night of data. A thousand more nights, especially with my blood infected by their disease could give me so much more than this. Not to mention once I leave I could recollect the general proclivities of this event anyway. Even Dostoevsky knows this, he’s always had a way with toying with his compatriots in such odd manners like this. I didn’t even have to think about it, I put out my arm and he took a bite.
>	“You have three weeks to get your things packed, consider yourself exiled. Good luck”
>	He tore my last journal entry out of my book and walked off into the woods. His bite left me light headed, I tried to slump my way home but fell asleep in the woods.

12 November, 1915
>	I’ve been ill the last few weeks, but have been recovering well. I’m at least well enough to get a move on. If I’m not out of here by midnight tonight someone will probably stop by take me out in my sleep. I’ve had no real clue as to who I could trust, but our ex-subject has been very helpful with my packing. I don’t believe he knows I’ve been bitten, possibly just thinks I got a stern talking to and am leaving to spare them the horrors of my test methodology. No point in pondering his thoughts or even figuring out if he knows he’s still someone’s subject in a much different experiment, it’s none of my concern anymore. I’ve been instructed to leave this state, I was given a lesser known town to migrate to that Dostoevsky says has infected but are much more discrete with their ailment as a recommendation, but it seems like a trap to me. If they continue to spread as they are where I relocate won’t result in a lack of research subjects, at least not for long.

>	This may be my last update. Whether I’ll be stalked and assassinated, turn and fall to madness, or simply become a casualty of any other horrors lurking in this world, I can attest to knowing I did what I could, and hope you do what you can with whatever you find within my research.