It was September 1, and the first day of their final year at Hogwarts. 
After school had finished for the previous year, the young witch and wizard had been looking very much forward to spending time with each other in London, away from the eyes of their peers. Early during the summer break, they had spent a romantic evening dancing at a public ball, and at the end of the night they had finally given themselves to each other for the first time. After that night, they spent as much time as possible trying to explore each other in a way they hadn't been able to previously, and it was intoxicating. Learning where to touch, how to touch, what each sigh and gasp meant, how hard to bite, how deeply to push, where all the freckles were. The rapidly intensifying nature of their relationship meant they sometimes found themselves embracing each other in strange locations in a search for privacy - sometimes safe (like an evening at The Leaky Cauldron), othertimes not so safe (an alley near West End after attending a matinee). It had been with an extreme amount of displeasure to the pair of them that the young wizard's family had insisted that he come away with them for a visit with relatives in the country for the last two weeks of the break, effectively separating them for the fortnight. It had felt like they were given a single bite of the most delicious piece of cake, only for someone to take the rest of the piece away. So despite the relatively short time period, they sent each other a flurry of owls detailing their secret and desperate longing for each other, in a vain attempt to ease their pent-up passion. A postal worker remarked he had never seen such a pair of exhausted owls.

Standing on the Platform of 9 3/4, he had hoped to find her somewhere at the station before boarding the Hogwarts Express, but  he feared the hundreds of other passengers would make it impossible for him to see her, if he was even looking at the right place. In a stroke of good luck however, he managed to spot her moments before entering her carriage, her thigh-length black hair unmistakeable. He briskly made his way through the throng of students pushing oversized luggage trolleys and stepped into the carriage holding his lover. She had seated herself in one of the compartments, but on making eye contact with him through the compartment door she immediately rose to greet him.
She knew that English people preferred restraint in public, but she was unable to hide her delight on seeing him again, smiling widely and searching for his embrace. Holding her in his arms, he gave her a little spin before they remembered where they were, and they gave each other an achingly restrained brief kiss before sitting down on the same side of the carriage compartment, the girl sitting closest to the outside window. Though they were terribly excited at being reunited, each was aware that returning to school meant being intimate with each other would become difficult, which was a slightly disappointing prospect. Being in the compartment together was going to be the last time they could accomplish it with any manner of ease. So it was with baited breath that the pair of them kept a sharp eye on the compartment windows while chatting, holding each other's hand nervously, hoping that no other passengers would seek to sit in with them.

11am eventually rolled around and the Express set off. The pair talked and laughed with each other, finding excuses to touch each other anywhere, all the while keeping an eye and ear out for other passengers who might come past. After an hour which felt more like an eternity, the boy took a chance and leaned over to his right, and kissed the girl hard and hungrily, holding her face with one hand and gripping her hip with the other. The girl matched his intensity and leaned into him, grabbing the collar of his red waistcoat and pulling him towards her into the kiss. He ran his hand up her side and then down onto her thigh, gripping her firmly and continuing to kiss her fiercely. He then broke away from the kiss and moved his head around to her ear and neck, nibbling and biting softly, eliciting soft gasps from her. At this same time, he started to pull up the skirt of her baby-blue dress, allowing him to move his hand underneath it to stroke her thigh, positioning the fabric to be somewhat less conspicuous to an on-looker. She'd been very hopeful they could have an encounter like this before arriving at school, and so she had decided against wearing bloomers underneath her dress, leaving her bare except for her stay, shift and knee socks. Him stroking her thigh sent heat pooling inbetween her legs and fluttering nervously in her stomach, and she started to flush in the face. At the same time, she moved her hand down the front of his waistcoat and onto his crotch, where she found his hard and restrained cock. She kissed his ear gently and started to softly rub and squeeze him over his pants, earning her a low moan from him. 

He moves his lips back to hers and they start to kiss again, more gently but with no less passion. Tracing his fingers up her thigh, he moves to her sex now and finds her already wet, and starts to manipulate her button and lips. She moans into his kiss, and she can feel her own heartbeat in her loins, her body is longing for more. She starts to unbutton him in order to free his member, but as she does so there is a knock at the compartment door which startles the both of them. 
"Anything from the trolley?" It's the Honeydukes Trolley lady, and both of them desperately try to act like they were being well behaved and that they were just talking. To reduce any suspicion, the girl gets up and buys some chocolate frogs and some sugared pinapple pieces. This seems to satisfy the Trolley lady, and she moves to the next compartment without a fuss. The girl sits back down with her lover, red in the face and giggling a bit. 
"I suppose we'll just have to try and make it look like we're just talking", the boy chuckles. The better option would have been to restrain themselves, but they have no intention of doing so. After eating the trolley snacks, they take up their original positions again and resume caressing each other. 

Once again the boy's fingers find the girl's button, she's trying to keep her voice low but she cannot help her soft sighs and moans, he's learned well how to elicit them from her. She in turn, is finally able to unbutton the boy, his hard length springing into her hand. He's leaking pre-cum and she thumbs it over the head of his cock, before starting to stroke him fully and more firmly. They are kissing softly, but haltingly as they each interrupt with a groan or a sigh, their lips barely touching. The ache and throb in her pussy increases and not only does she want to come, she needs to come. Wanting more, she directs him to insert his fingers as well, and he starts gently curling his middle finger inside her against her walls, causing a loud moan she is unable to suppress. They continue touching each other, but every so often someone walks past the compartment creaking the wooden floorboards loudly, and they are forced to stop. It's frustrating her to nearly the point of tears, as he brings her to the edge of orgasm three times only to be denied by the other passengers interrupting them. He is also frustrated, yet grateful at the same time because he's been hoping to enter her during the trip, and he's trying to stop himself from being spent too early. Several times he moves her hand away to stop himself from coming, even without being interrupted by the other people on the train. 

"I can't wait anymore", she says after the 4th nearly ruined orgasm, breathless and blushing. "We need to go somewhere more private." They decide on heading down to the baggage carriage, which they hoped would offer more protection. With some difficulty, he puts himself back into his pants, the length tucked into the waistband of his trousers to try and hide his situation. She walks in front of him down the narrow walkway through the train. They are held up for a bit by people waiting in line for the Trolley Lady up front, and while facing ahead to make sure no one is looking, the girl reaches back to grab at his cock and gently rub its head over the fabric of his waistcoat. He, in turn, holds her hips and grinds himself against her bottom when he's sure nobody can see, and he's so excited he's starting to stain his clothing. Once the crowd clears, they continue on. Though the pair are keeping their relationship quiet, sharper eyed student Charlotte Morrison notices the boy touch the girl on the small of the back on their way through the carriage, which Charlotte remarks upon to Eric Northcott. Once past the other passengers, a quick *alohomora* is all it takes for them to get into the baggage carriage.

Walking quickly to the back of the carriage, the girl finds a stack of trunks at the right height, and hoists herself on top of them. She faces him, pulling up the skirt of her dress and puts one of her legs up, speading her soaked core for him with one hand and supporting her weight with the other. He's there in an instant, grabbing her thighs and ripping the top of her dress down so her can lick and suck her hard and sensitive nipples. This brings out a half moan, half sob from her - she's so desperate for him, and he's going to make her wait longer? "Please, I can't wait any more...", she practically sobs, and he grins and unbuttons himself, and takes his throbbing shaft into his hand. He starts pushing the tip around her entrance, her wetness coating him, and she pleads with him again, she feels like needs him inside her more than she needs to breathe. She reaches down to grab hold of his length to properly position him at her entrance, and he finally obliges her and thrusts inside her, burying himself to the hilt. The sudden movement shocks her and she cries out, but it's not pain, it's pleasure and they're finally joined in the way they want to be. He fucks her with an even pace, making sure to take long steady strokes. He kisses her mouth softly and it doesn't take very long before she reaches her desperately needed climax. She moans loudly and sweetly, her pussy clamps down around him like the most beautiful vice, and she wraps her legs around his waist. He pushes inside her to his base and comes hard against her cervix, choked groans uttered from his mouth against her breasts. 
They stay joined together for a while, panting and shaking from release, their wetness mixing together and leaking out over whoever's trunk this was. Once they regain their senses somewhat, he withdraws from her and she casts *reparo* on her ripped dress. He helps her down from the trunk she was sitting on and they share an embrace, holding each other for a while, before heading back to their original carriage compartment. 

Both of them had to suppress a laugh when during class the next day, they hear Leander Prewett complaining about something disgusting on his trunk.