All was quiet within the castle, it seemed even the rats had gone to bed for the night. The candles blown out by the caretakers, only ghosts and prefects were left to wander the halls… or at least that is all there should have been. One wizard had decided to press his luck tonight, having spent the entire term practicing one spell in particular, and tonight was the night he intended that effort to pay off. Quietly stowing his books away before someone could find them, stepping through the gate out of the restricted section and fastening its lock once again.

There were always a few students out of bed, those who dreamed of being like one of those great wizards of the past that somehow always avoided curfew. So all it would take is time, traversing through the carpeted halls, a quiet “nox” being spoken whenever he passed a sleeping portrait to keep from stirring them. Grazing his fingertips along the stone walls, enjoying that chill breeze that came every time he passed the open windows. Tonight was a good night, comfortable with the moon at its fullest. 

Enough time had passed that he began to grow frustrated. Were there truly so few who were bold enough to wander the halls at night? Could it possibly be that this night, the night he had planned for so long that he would get nothing? His hand firmly clenched around the wand he carried, that frustration building until finally, as he turned a corner, he bumped into a witch. Both startled each other for that brief moment, quickly raising their wands before the realization hit them and a silent laugh was shared at mutual embarrassment. 

It was clear from looking at her that she wasn’t any of the prefects, and so neither were going to get in trouble. The witch glanced to the side before asking what he was doing out so late. With a smile he gave his response “I’m practicing a new spell”. There was a glint of excitement in her eyes as she looked around again to make sure no teacher was coming “Can you show me”? His lips turned to smile at her as he nodded, motioning for her to follow him as they quietly lurked through the halls, barely dodging two ghosts that were patrolling for the night as they went.

Finally they arrived somewhere quiet and secluded, one of the study rooms in the astronomy tower. Normally it would be filled to the brim with students but tonight it was empty, the star-gazers having been sent home and so there was nothing to stop what was about to happen. He lifted his wand and made sure she was focused upon the movement of his hand. In a swift movement it was pointed at her and before she could react the spell left his lips **“Imperio”**. There was a brief glow from the tip of his wand but nothing else to show what had happened, to the point that he thought he had failed in casting it.

Yet within her mind all things faded, the anxiety of being out so late, the worries of the classes she had attended that day, even the panic that came from having a wand pointed at her was gone. That blissful euphoria taking over her mind, caressing her into a state of happy obedience. Her gaze turned to him, eyes glossed over for only a flash before as far as any could tell, nothing had happened. That look told him all he needed to know. Deciding to test the limits of what he had done, if he truly had succeeded. His hand extended out towards her and the first order would come **“Give me your scarf”**.

She didn’t and couldn’t think about what was demanded, unraveling the accessory and gently placing it within his hand. **“Good”**. Something about the way the praise came only heightened that euphoria. The grasp of that spell upon her mind tightened the longer his gaze stayed on her, the gentle brush of his fingertips against her palm made her entire body shake. **“Disrobe.”** She felt like she should hesitate and think about what it was she was doing… Yet she followed the order perfectly, even going so far as to fold them neatly on a nearby table before standing and presenting herself to him once again.

There was no praise this time, only another order. A light tinge of feeling like she had failed him brushing across her mind. The next order was spoken with a tad more force than before **“kneel”**. Her mind and body sank in unison, staring up at him with hopeful eyes. His hand gently petted along the top of her head, running through the locks of her hair **“Good girl”**. If the first praise had formed a crack in her mind, this one drove itself down to her very core. What resistance had formed against the curse in the beginning was completely gone. 

He realized that there was no limit, that this witch was completely and totally captivated by him. Growing bolder in his touches and grasps, feeling along her body with gentle pets and rubs. Each time she would move herself closer to him, craving more of his attention, acting as one would expect of a well-trained pet. **“Beg”**, the word rang in her ears like a perfect melody, sitting up straight upon her knees with her arms held in front of her, a soft whine being released as he stepped away.

Behind one of the many globes of the room, he stored a wooden box. A rather ornate thing, ebony wood with silver filigree patterns along it. Those who knew him knew that it belonged to him, yet none had spotted it here. With a gentle press it was opened, his hand slipping inside to pull out two objects that were difficult to see in the dark. As he returned they became more obvious, a collar and leash, both made to match each other for an occasion just like this. 

He didn’t need to order her this time, her hands quickly moving to lift her hair out of the way and present her neck to him. Smiling as she felt that symbol of possession pressing against her skin, the sound of the silver clasp tightening and locking felt greater than anything she had experienced in the past. With a single finger he took the loop from the front of the collar, hooking the leash to it as one would a dog. He gave it a gentle tug to make sure before beginning to walk back to the couch he rested upon. 

With a second tug, she dropped to all fours and followed him to it. Her first time walking ‘properly” was a struggle, unused to performing the action but adjusting quickly enough once she learned the proper stride. Coming to rest just in front of his knees, letting her head rest on his lap as his hand returned to the top of her head once again to grant more of those rewarding pets **“you’re being such a good girl for me”**. She didn’t know if it was what he had said or the way he said it that felt so good, yet all she could do in return was bark. A sound she could on any other day say she had never made before.

He knew the moment couldn’t last forever, a ghost, teacher, or prefect was bound to come check the tower eventually, but he felt obligated to give her a better reward. His hand patting the couch to grant permission for her to climb up, finding herself resting upon his lap again as his hand caressed her stomach. Giving her that final long moment of bliss as the moon started to reach its peak. 

**“Up”**. She climbed off of him as he stood once again, whining as he removed the collar from her throat, storing them in the same box that he had taken them out of. Not having gone as far as he would have liked, but the groundwork was laid. Her mind was permanently touched by him in a way unlike any other. **“Redress”**. An order she followed and within moments they seemed like two students that had snuck out to peek at the night sky. 

Knowing that the curse would fade soon, he took one of the rings from his finger, a thing of silver with a black gemstone circling the middle of its band. Placing it within her palm **“Wear it”**. The final order was followed as she slipped the oversized for her ring upon one of her hands. As the imperius curse faded, a foggy mind returned to her, unsure of what had really happened or if she had been hit with confundus. Noticing his wand pointed at her again, mind still too lost to know what incantation had been spoken. The memories of what she had done, what he had begun doing to her faded away. Yet the emotions of bliss stayed with her. 

She didn’t remember much of that night, meeting a wizard in the hallway and going to try a new spell with him, even though it was a wonderful time. The details of every moment were gone. Waking within the comfortable bed of her dorm and looking at the ring upon her finger, she didn’t remember it being part of her jewelry but for some reason her mind told her to value it above everything else. Reaching to grab her wand and casting a quick charm to shrink it to fit properly. Her day began with the hope that she could meet that wizard again, to enjoy another night with him and remember why it was so nice the next time…