Original Post: [>>48361975](https://warosu.org/vt/thread/S48306673#p48361975)
***
It's a rush hour train, people pressed up against each other like sardines, shoving past each other desperately as they fight their way to the door at each station. A man? Boy? Gets on, trying to move himself as far away from the doors as possible. He must have a lot of stops before getting off. Your eyes can't be torn from his cute face and his soft body. As people move around at the next station you manage to make your way over to him, body pressing up against his as more people shove their way onto the train.
You don't usually do this, so your hand shakes slightly as you reach put to grope at his ass. A small gasp leaves him but he doesn't move. You take it as an invitation, moving your hand up under his shirt and snaking it around to find one of his nipples. They must be sensitive because as you toy with it, he whimpers audibly. If people are watching they're certainly not stopping you. You other hand reaches for the front of his pants and it surprises you when you feel that he's slightly hard. Is he some sick bastard too and is getting off on this? Grinding against his ass you start to rub his cock through his pants, enjoying it growing harder and hotter as you do. What a fucking slut. You lean forward to whisper in his ear and tell him as much and he clasps a hand to his lips to conceal a moan.
As the train announcer calls your stop coming next you speed up your hand, hoping to hear him cum before the train arrives at your stop. He gets louder and louder, completely obvious about the fact he's getting off until the train comes to a stop and sadly, you have to fight your way to the door. Though as you start going down the escalator you feel a tap on your shoulder. Turning around you see mismatched eyes looking at you, cheeks flushed and a cheeky expression on his lips.
>If you wanna finish up I'll give you a discount, just ¥4000 
You roll your eyes because of course he's an actual whore if he reacted like that but you can't turn it down, grabbing his hand you drag him through the gate and to the nearest love hotel.