A good day of quidditch practice had passed, many of the Hufflepuff students and their unofficial cheerleaders had gone to the Hog’s Head for the night. Enjoying themselves and in some cases getting a bit more inebriated than they had intended to. Most had already filtered out as the evening went on, some found a friend to head back to the castle with. Though it wasn’t until Heather began to send out the last call that the last ones finally left the bar for now.

Florana and Ioni giggled at each other as they walked out, hand in hand as they slowly stepped in circles with each other, a smile on both their faces as they wandered down the street. Florana got an idea and gently tugged at Ioni’s hand, telling her she knew a lovely place to watch the sun set. Leading her up a hill behind the Hog’s Head and to a spot right next to the bridge, a gentle stream ran in front of them as he sat comfortably with their backs against the bridge.

They quietly cuddled up with each other, embracing each other and leaning with their head resting on each other. Truly it was peaceful, the sun slowly set into the Horizon, the orange sky gaining beautiful shades of darker blues and purples before finally turning into darkness. The star dotted the sky in endless numbers. The two girls turned to smile at each other, squeezing each other in a close embrace as they gave what was surely a last intended kiss for the night before returning to the castle.

It seemed that one kiss turned into another… and another. Ioni wrapped her arms around Florana’s neck, pressing herself closer to steal her lips for kiss after kiss. Their hands started to run down each other’s back, caressing each other’s sides and hips, those little pecks each lasting longer than the last. Finally breaking as they stared into each other’s eyes, panting as they both came to the silent decision to do what was on both of their minds. Pressing their lips back together as they laid into the grass below them. 

Their intimate embrace was slow, seductive… and rather loving if it was ever looked at from an outside perspective. Their hands roaming into each other’s clothing, freely exploring each other’s bodies. Each grasp led to a quiet moan, each rub led to a sensual draw of breath, each girl encouraging their partner to keep going. Letting their hands rub against each other’s crotches, feeling those growing wet spots and kissing again before letting their hands slide into each other’s panties. Both letting their fingers do the talking now for them.

Neither of them cared to keep themselves quiet, if someone wanted to look down over the bridge and see the two girls in their intimate moment that was on them. The girls pulled at each other’s clothing with the free hand each had, reaching behind to unclasp the other’s bra. Letting their chests press against each other as they started to rub their bodies against each other. Quiet moans escaping the two of them, the stimulation and cool air making their nipples stiff. Each of their motions only caused those moans to get louder and louder.

As the night carried on, both decided to have a bit more fun. Their pants and panties had long since been removed.  Florana laid on her back as Ioni turned and laid on top of her, both of them spread their legs open. The bee grasped at her partner’s well shaped bottom, pulling her down and letting her tongue run along the flower’s slit, teasing her clit with her tongue for a quick moment. Ioni’s head lowered down to do the same for her partner. Both of them let their tongues lick along each other. Both gave a quick kiss to the other’s thigh before they let their tongues slide within.

Neither was truly quiet to start with, but as they continued enjoying each other’s bodies, their moans only grew louder. Obvious to anyone nearby that there were girls being lewd with each other though none dared to look for them. Both of them embraced that passionate moment entirely, their bodies starting to quiver and shake as that peak moment grew closer. Moans turning into gasps and whines, the bee and flower reached their peaks in tune with each other. Bodies perfectly synced as they made a mess on each other’s bodies.

Those moments after were when the sweetness returned. Ioni shifted her body to lay on top of Florana once again, pressing their lips back together, interrupting it only to take a breath and relax once again. Their arms and legs intertwined with each other in an intimate embrace, giving each other kiss after kiss. Both pressed their cheeks next to each other as they whispered quiet affections and sweet nothings to each other. The gentle sweetness and loving embrace after the event made the risk of getting caught in their exposed state worth it each and every time.