Cosplay
by Hg


The chime of a PC powering down cut through the now empty office. Normally only the cleaning staff would be left in Silph Co.'s Nimbasa City branch at this hour, but today engineering history was being made. Or so Joe would like to think, he mused as he stretched out the stress of the day. Before him sat the fruits of his labor, a prototype fishing rod fit for a champion. Ariados thread line, a composite pole reinforced with weaved Scizor shed, and a proprietary reeling mechanism that had amused even the Alakazam in accounting. You could pull Kyogre himself out of the seas with this beauty, granted at the absurd price point the suits would no doubt set once this was sent off for production. Joe hummed absentmindedly as he made his way to his car. Not only could he put a bookend on this interminable fishing pole project, but his reward for finishing the prototype before deadline was the full week off during the middle of Silph's Unova investor showcase. Wrangling personal time off for this was unheard of for anyone working in the shops or labs, sales couldn't talk themselves out of a paper bag once the technical questions rolled in and needed the full geek squad to chauffeur half interested investors through the smorgasbord of high tech trinkets. But that was some other poor sucker's job this time around, with enough elbow grease Joe had wriggled out of it and cleared his schedule for the most important week of the year.

The 2nd week of April. The height of a Zoroark's spring heat.

Did they have enough snacks? Some dried berries and cheesy pokepuffs could be nice. She loved those, and maybe Joe would have a chance at tasting a few himself if they weren't immediately left to the mercy of a world class pantry raider. Should he get a movie? Surely they'll be too distracted for one of those. Plus he'd have to stop by the Pokemart, that's at least an extra 10 minutes of anticipation he didn't need. As Joe dismissed the idea his thoughts drifted and began to focus on her. Daisy, his sly, silly, perfect partner. A cheery furball whose bouncy gait and playful nature clashed with her lithe predator's body and cutting teal eyes. Terror of the Nimbasa waterpark and master of disguise. Now, any Zoroark worth their salt was to be expected to have a few costumes up their sleeve, but Daisy's enthusiasm for illusions was in a league of its own. As far back as Joe's childhood she could be seen as a fluffy Zoura bouncing around the playground happily donning a pair of felt Pikachu ears. Evolution did nothing to sate her appetite for deception. The mischievous dark type took to her niche immediately, assembling any and all manner of disguise to nefarious ends. Humans, Pokemon, even inanimate objects weren't safe from impersonation. A smile crept onto Joe's face as he recalled flopping onto a chair only to tumble to the floor with a silky mop of fur and chorus of foxlike snickering. The smile began to assume a more lecherous angle as he continued to recall her exploits. As excited as she was to come to university with him, she wasn't too thrilled about the time demanded by his classes and newfound friends. Especially the female ones. Which is presumably why during a night with the boys Joe spotted a slim woman with fiery red and black hair staring holes into him across the counter of a greasy sports bar. One with an unrecognizable, unintelligible accent. One that practically dragged him out of the bar by his arm. One that clumsily kissed him with unbridled passion and quivered under his slightest touch. One whose porcelain skin gave way to black fur matted with tears when he said "I love you" to those cold turquoise eyes that weren't fooling anyone. From there on out a completely different side of Daisy was laid bare to Joe, and this one had just as much enthusiasm for illusion. So much so that he would have to indulge the frisky devil's fantasies until she was tuckered out before he could properly get his hands on that gorgeous natural charcoal coat.

"SHIT!"

A motorist with the driving chops of a Zubat cut Joe's reverie short, but luckily the intersection which apparently takes a herculean effort to navigate signaled that he wouldn't need to reminisce for much longer.


"I'm home!"

The slam of the door rang ominously in the absence of claws clacking on wood or airborne pranksters. A game was afoot.

"Pun!"

Joe cocked his head towards the hallway, just fast enough to catch a pale puff of fur disappear around the corner. He grinned. 

"Hide and seek again?"

The living room yielded no results. Neither did the kitchen, including the dishwasher which was never going unchecked again. The bedroom was too obvious a choice, that would be last. Straightening up after checking the cabinets Joe became more aware of how effective Daisy's courtship was. After brief deliberation and shifting the tightness in his crotch, Joe made his way towards the bedroom. If he was impatient she may as well be posed like a model on their bed. Sure enough, Joe was greeted with the sight of a blue ribbon Loppuny seductively spread on the sheets. Ears like velvet drapes shrouded the most enticing bits but did nothing to make the sight less salacious. Plush, trimmed fur wrapped a well fed body entirely unsuited for fighting and crimson irises boiled with lust behind a heavy lidded stare. Delicate paws poked out of perfectly groomed pompoms and pressed into the fluff of her cheeks in a show of feigned surprise.

"Lo puuuuun"

In typical fashion, Daisy was playing dirty. Whoever set the pace now would keep the tempo of the whole week. Joe intended that to be him, letting his tie drop to the floor and loosening his shirt buttons as he made his way to his captured prey. 

"So you want to earn some ribbons, dirty rabbit?"

The show bunny leapt at the chance as he settled onto the bed, but the kiss was intercepted. Daisy's thin tongue tangled with the thick invading muscle, helpless to do anything but lap against him as he explored her mouth. Distracting her with a tickle to her buck teeth, Joe took initiative. Daisy didn't even notice she was being gently laid down to the bed during their make out session. She did notice a firm hand slipping through the fleecy cheeks of her ass and firmly grabbing her feverish pussy. A wet squish and muffled squeak signaled the first blow. The suave seductress act buckled under the weight of a very horny, very ready Zoroark as Daisy's grip on him became slightly more desperate. After caressing her slick folds, Joe slid a finger past her lips and extended another to rub her swollen clit. Soft pads slipped under his arms to grope at his back, pressing their bodies together tight. Kissing became difficult through Daisy's noises of approval, and downright impossible once Joe managed to get his belt off with his spare hand. Despite the kayfabe of the defenseless , Daisy still had a hunter's nose. The deft manhandling of her nethers and the smell of her male hitting her estrus clouded head was too much for the horny rabbit. Daisy broke off the kiss with a sudden smack of the lips and squealed in surrender, wringing Joe's knuckle with her walls while she clamped down for dear life. Joe had no time to savor the victory, barely managing to shake the last pant leg off before Daisy was propped up and steadying her breath. And if those locks of red creeping into the tips of her ears meant anything, it was that she wasn't giving a lead so easily.

-

Daisy was clearly displeased that her role as the hottest piece of cotton tailed ass in Unova had resulted in a loss. Her second costume had more direct hardware for claiming a mate. Two huge clawed paws gripped Joe's ankles, hoisting his lower half into the air as a narrow feline snatch obscured by a sopping tufts of pubic fur bore down on his suspended hips. Slobber dripped onto his chest from between the ivory fangs of the imposing Incineroar's mouth. The rippling cords of muscle that flexed under a shimmering short hair coat looked like they could snap trees, but despite daisy giving it in earnest the strength of the grip was nowhere near what one could expect from the apparent tower of muscle. Joe used what little leverage he had to push against the floor to drive his shaft deeper into the overgrown kitten to a rumbling purr. Daisy shifted her stance and began to swivel her pelvis around Joe's shaft, swirling his head around her sweet spots and growling with abandon. With a gruff snort Daisy let Joe's legs fall to the floor and fell to her knees, pinning the surprised trainer's pelvis to the floor. She used the elicited "OOF" as an opening for some oral payback. This time Joe was on the defensive as a rough tongue painted broad strokes across his, smothering his mouth in slobber. With Joe fully preoccupied in a fight for air Daisy worked her hips, bucking forward in short thrusts. Steadily picking up pace, she redoubled her efforts up top and sealed Joe's lips with the front of her muzzle. A contented rumble reverberated through Joe's chest while the hulking lioness gave her final two erratic humps. With a wet smack of lips Daisy broke the kiss and stared into Joe with green slitted eyes. Although the smirk she gave looked more like the one she wore after a successful dupe, not cu-

"Cin"

A facade of powerful quadriceps flexed, lifting a shaggy mess of wet fur away from Joe's crotch. Strings of liquid trailed between the two bodies and Joe shuddered as a sudden cold draft nipped at his shaft, the head of his cock still secured in a sweltering grip. He was suddenly aware of how close to the edge her frantic humping had brought him.

"Roar"

With all the weight she could muster Daisy collapsed onto her prey. Joe lurched forward, grabbing fistfuls of wild crimson fur as he unloaded into her. He realized too late that doing so had given Daisy a very good look at his face, unscrewing his eyes to the sight of a shit eating grin fit to enrage a Medichamp.

It was 1-1

-

"Ah- dh.... ih!... nooohhh"

The thick noise of bare skin meeting short haired fur slick with sweat now properly filled Joe's modest bedroom. Clearly satisfied on getting one over on him, Daisy had slipped into something a little more suited for mutual lovemaking. Joe fondled the curvy Audino in his lap, rhythmically driving his cock into her as she bounced with the momentum of his thrusts. Playing his mate like a flute, joe thumbed the sensitive pelvic region of his lover as she rode him, adding sweet cries of satisfaction to the chorus of furred globes smacking against his thighs. Sliding his hands south he ran his fingers through the pink fur of daisy's thick thighs and reached forward to wrap his hands around to grip the sizeable ass that was trying to blow out the bed springs.

"Du i! nnnnnnhhhhh..."

The sounds of encouragement stoked a bit of mischief in Joe, redoubling his efforts he drove his hips downward, slamming them back up with a wet "THWACK"

"AUD!"

Giving no time for a retort, joe resumed his assault, churning Daisy's writhing pussy with renewed effort. The bottom heavy fairy gripped onto her trainer for dear life as the impacts from his rutting sent ripples through the soft flesh of her butt. Daisy's jaw went slack, loosing husky murmurs of affection next to her trainer's ear as he continued the assault. A flappy ear waving in front of Joe's face stoked a bit of mischief in him and he went in for a love bite. Gently teething the edge of the appendage was enough to send Daisy over the edge. A wide set of well cushioned hips firmly planted themselves on joe's groin. Hot, writhing flesh desperately wrapped around Joe's member, begging for a trainer's seed. Joe obliged, firing hot ropes into the quivering mess of a Pokemon in his lap

"ahhhhhh... d......"

Joe gently rubbed his partner's back, waiting for the sporadic twitches to die down, when his hand ran into a coarse tuft of fur that stuck out amidst the slick, silky coat of Daisy's disguise. Sure enough, he leaned forward to be greeted with the sight of a dark grey cowlick, sticking out from the chubby aduino like a case of bedhead. Joe pulled back to get a better look at his still quivering lover, and if those half lidded eyes said anything, it's that she was barely in a state to be crafting a new costume. Joe grinned, he'd have his hands on his prize in no time.

-

Bassy moans vibrated joe's chest as he massaged the insides of a freshly recovered Slowbro. Slow, deep thrusts punctuated each vocalization as the pair cooled off with some lazy missionary. Lightly swaying to and fro elicited more pleasured rumbles that drowned out the squelching of a sopping wet snatch. Daisy's sleek arms gripped joe's back as he pressed himself into her, securing themselves with claws that were a bit too long for a lethargic water type.

-

Throbbing human dick plunged into the waiting mouth of the regal serpent that had firmly secured itself to Joe with scaled coils. Muffled moans trickled from the occupied mouth of the creature that had currently ensnared joe's torso, hitching every time he shoved her head onto his shaft. Drool splattered to the floor as daisy gleefully submitted to a vigorous facefucking. The piercing, smoky eyes that had become iconic in Hoenn and beyond for their air of nobility were now streaked with tears and rolled back in their sockets. Out the corner of his eye joe spied a tuft of crimson hair amidst the meticulously crafted fanned tail of a Milotic.

-

The score was long forgotten. The sun had set hours ago, and the sheets were ready to be changed hours before that. Droplets of sweat scattered onto the sheets, shaken free from the Lycanroc being speared onto her master's dick. It had taken a full night to get to some proper doggy style and Joe intended to take advantage of it, pulling Daisy's lithe hips back in time to his own thrusts and punctuating particularly pleased noises from his partner with sharp smacks to her lean rear. Turning a wolf to putty in your hands and running fingers through its resplendent midnight coat was a fine time, but Joe knew a crack in the armor when he saw one. The position, the suspiciously low effort costume, that subtle tint to her mane. Daisy was running out of steam. Joe tested the theory by feigning an adjustment, pausing his rutting just long enough to shift his knees. It was enough to detect the desperate clamping of swollen lips around his cock and a low whimper that did not belong to a Lycanroc, but a Zoroark. This was his shot. He resumed his lovemaking in earnest, gripping onto the short tail in front of him and loosing more slaps to Daisy's backside. Picking up tempo he waited for the sight of drool hitting the bed, for rough panting to permeate his hearing, and for the body of his partner to tense up, the twitching of her insides becoming decoupled from the beat of his assault.

Then he struck. Joe pulled out.

Daisy loosed a bestial howl as her disguise crumbled. Sleek red fur came undone in a mess of black and grey tufts. The neatly swept mane erupted into a spiky mop of burgundy fluff, and threatening crimson daggers unfurled from previously unassuming paws. Folded ears snapped straight up, sharpening the completed profile of the impish predator that Joe loved with all his heart. Who else could be so perfect, so majestic and beautiful while jerking her hips against the covers as she came her brains out?

"Zo..... zoro...... zor"

Daisy's coat bristled softly as she hastily tried to pull a disguise over the disheveled sight she had just put on, but he was there to intercept

"Honey, relax. I want to see you."

Tender fingers slipped their way through lethal razor tipped claws. Bare palms rubbed and massaged the spindly body below a mat of rough grey fur. Soft lips met the maw of a predatory jester, and kissed her like she was the only girl in the world. Daisy's lids fluttered while she tried her best to reciprocate through a heavy afterglow. Joe tossed the thrashed covers over him and his thoroughly quenched partner. Tomorrow there would be time for more costumes, and perhaps a bit of au naturel mischief. But for now the pair was asleep before Joe had time to hit the lights on the nightstand lamp, the irritated yaps of the neighbor's freshly woken Herdier not even reaching the couple's ears.