It's a hot summer day and the sun is unrelenting. Everybody you know is either at home or sweating their balls off.  Regardless off all this, you find willpower to get into your car that's been baking in the raging sun and go to your favorite place to go to on days like this. 

"Kaiju Kreamery is here to crush your how can I--O-oh, it's just you bud.", the icecream server was bashful as he fiddle with his uniform. The reptile man was massive in the muscle department though he had a gut. It wasn't particularly off-putting especially since you caught the kimodo dragon sneaking free samples each time you walked by. Which was more than necessary to see him smile as he downed the bubblegum swirl, his favorite, to his delight. "Uh, bud? Your order??", the kimodo dragon man said as he waved to get your attention. Embarrassed, you quickly order the daily special, but you aren't here enough to know what it is so you actually take a look at the menu. 

'Mystery blend(A mix of the three least popular flavors at half off)'

You sigh as today's special echoes through your head. You attempt to stop the hunk, but he's already a blur over the flavors. "Coming right up!", the declaration rang through the store as your order was already halfway done. As usual the dexterous man was flipping multiple balls of ice cream through the air, landing into a waffle cone bowl set near the register. Each time it landed perfectly, he would smirk with pride. After the three ice cream balls were set, a horrid mix of the three held by his tail flicked it into the air. With a smooth finesse, the server picked up the waffle cone bowl and served it to you and a second later, the mixed ball splated evenly into the bowl. "Order up."

What a showoff. You offer your appreciation and pay before you notice something. You're holding a bowl of you three favorite flavors. Attempting to correct this, the kimodo dragon cuts you off. "C'mon bud. I remember the last time you ordered that. Just gave you the daily discount on your three faves.", he said. You're thankful, but you didn't order it specifically. "...It wasn't that hard to remember. You're so cute and...", the kimodo dragon man catches himself, but it's too late. Embarrassment is flowing through him as he tries to hide his face with a strong hand of his. You let him know you don't mind being called that, especially by him. He straightens up immediately, "Oh. Then call the number on the napkin I gave you." You blush and scramble to find it immediately.

'Goduzuki 555-555-6969'

When you look up from the napkin you see the confident kimodo dragon man fiddle with his tail in flusteration. "Just...uh..call me an hour after I get off work. Gotta settle in and everything." You nod in confirmation as you stumble through the exit. Sighing in relief, you make your way into your car to wait for the stud on the other end. You couldn't be happier.