##A visit to the wall.


The chilly mist outside the Hog's Head made the young Slytherin student shiver under his robes. He looked at the sides of the damp, paved road; passed out drunkards, some of them apparently missing their trousers and other clothing items, were the only presence in the dark alley leading to the infamous pub. It was late in the night, very late.
It was the only hour he felt safe enough to visit the place and finally see for himself if the rumors he heard had some truth in them- or, most likely, if they were just bullshit made up by the low-life of Hogsmeade.

The moment he entered the decadent establishment, a reek of smoke, alcohol and vomit hit him, making him frown. Jacob narrowed his eyes, noticing how the bar was basically empty, some of the customers back at home, most of them passed out outside, or in some hazy corner in a yellowish pool of low-quality Butterbeer -or worse.
He walked up to the counter. The barman, a grizzled looking man with a stale odour around him, greeted him with a snort.
"Here for the wall, boy?" he asked, a joyless grin appearing under his dirty moustache.
"The wha- yes. The wall. Indeed, goodman." Jacob tried his best to sound convincing, he knew fully well he probably wasn't, but he suspected the barman cared more about his galleons than his demeanor- and surely enough he was right.
"Just give me the coin and follow me, lad." The gruff man said, turning around and spitting on a drunk man snoring on the dirty floor near the counter.

Jacob did as he was told, and followed the bartender through a half-rotten wooden door, entering a small, dark corridor adjacent to the main room.
"Have fun, but don't take too long- the lasses are almost at the end of their shift." the man said, planting a heavy slap on the student's shoulders, and almost prompting Jacob to whip out his alder wand and teach the old smelly man some manners, when some very peculiar noises coming from the end of the corridor caught his attention. Leaving the now shut door behind him, the young man started walking towards the source of the sound, the corridor longer than it seemed, and for the second time that night he almost drew his wand again as he bumped into a person in the shadow- a young girl, in fact.

"What are you doing here?" Jacob asked sharply, both curious and irritated, to what revealed herself to be a young, innocent looking Hufflepuff. "This is no place for students." he added, with the smugness and ego that only a handsome, recently-promoted-to-prefect Slytherin could possess .
"Well, you're a student yourself, idiot." the small girl snapped back, before clearing her throat. "...I'm Florana by the way." she said, the calm and polite Hufflepuff spirit surfacing again. The girl got a bit nervous as she saw the prefect badge on his robes, her eyes fluttering around.
"And what are you doing here, Florana?" Jacob investigated, noting how the girl was pleasant enough to look at, a smirk forming on his lips.
"I'm just waiting! I'm not doing a-anything illegal! I'm here for P...for the mark...the one t-they use." she said, stammering and pointing at the end of the corridor with a tiny finger, where the sounds were now louder- moans and fleshy noises. Jacob looked in that direction, his mind slowly realizing the nature of such commotion. "What are you talking about? Who is Mark? And what-" he turned back to the Hufflepuff girl, but she wasn't there anymore, the sound of the corridor's door slamming shut echoing behind him.

Jacob shrugged, and turned back as he approached the end of the corridor.
The squelching sound of flesh slapping against flesh was now clear, and only surpassed by the low moaning of a...girl? Jacob narrowed his eyes, the hazy darkness of the corridor clearing as he got closer, and revealing the athletic, attractive figure of a witch- naked from the waist down, and completely focused on pumping her hips against the lower half of another girl sticking out from a hole in the wall, the only discernible figure of the latter her long, chocolate-skinned legs, spread wide to accommodate and let the first witch take her pleasure.

"Aumellia...?" Jacob murmured, slowly recognizing the sweaty features of his fellow Slytherin witch, who was so intent on her fucking and moaning that didn't even turn as the wizard called her name. He also quickly realized that the girl, unlike what he first thought, wasn't wearing a strap-on; growing from her groin, a massive cock was drilling back and forth into the dark-skinned girl's quivering cunt, her juices overflowing and coating Aumellia's shaft, making it glisten in the dim light as it slid in and out, stretching the puffy, dark labia of the receiving, unknown girl.
The revelation didn't faze Jacob too much- in the wizarding world, something like that was minor stuff, and after all the Slytherin boy himself has had some experience about, well, "enhacements" down there. 
He reasoned that must have been the result of some charm or potion, then again he didn't care at all about the dick itself- Aumellia's shapely ass, jiggling at every thrust of hers, was much more in line with his tastes.
He felt his own member stiffen in his breeches at the sight, and for a moment considered tapping the shoulder of the witch and trying to talk his way into having some fun all together; then he noticed the other girl, or better, the other pair of legs sprouting from the wall, unoccupied.

He left the ecstatic, strange couple to their own business as he moved past them, to the aforementioned newfound legs. 
They were slender, and hanging loosely, their skin pale and smooth. As he positioned himself in front of them, two things caught his eye: the spunk-covered, reddened, and probably sore pussy between them, and a strange, glowing mark just under the taut navel of the girl.
He stared at it for a moment, wondering if it was some prank, or even worse, some kind of curse. Then he noticed the tuft of fierce red pubes under it and grinned, as it reminded him of a certain witch he knew, and causing his erection to throb hard in his pants.

Jacob peeked around, the sounds and sight of Aumellia's ordeal the only distraction in the otherwise empty corridor, then looked back at the lower half of the girl in front of him. It felt weird not seeing the rest of her body, leaving him wondering how she'd look, but what he had under his eyes was more than enough for what he had in mind. He lowered his breeches, his hefty cock springing up, veiny and ready. He briefly considered using one of the vials in the pocket of his robes, the same ones he brought back from the adventure in his ancestor's laboratory; but the Slytherin student decided against it: the effects were volatile at best, and the last thing the poor lass in front of him needed was a monster cock, bigger than his already sizeable one, ruining what remained between her supple legs-or, at least, so he thought.

As he was mildly bothered by the strangers' spunk covering her mound, the first thing he did was swinging his black lacquered wand free, pointing it close to her slightly parted, bruised lips and mimicking the elaborate wand movements she's once seen a friend of his doing; all the seed and fluids covering and filling the stuck witch started to flow outside, and in a matter of seconds he was staring at a clean, pink and swollen quim.
The sudden deluge  made the lower body of the girl twitch, as if awakening briefly, the muscles in her legs contracting as she shook them gently.
Jacob put his large hands around her inner thighs, caressing them gently, almost as trying to calm down a startled animal, then kneading them, feeling the warm, creamy skin under his digits. He moved his hands further, slowly, until they reached her cunt.
He spread her petals and moved a fingers between them, rubbing her, the tip of his finger hesitating  around her hooded clit, playing with her fleshy nub. Soon enough, he was rewarded by a slight dribble of juices, her labia quivering under his touch.

Normally, he wouldn't have wasted time doing this, especially for a random, half visible slut he paid for. But her sorry state and especially familiar appearance prompted him to at least try and make this more pleasurable for both. He shook his head as he grabbed his cock and pointed it at her glistening entrance- even her pussy looked familiar somehow.
Disregarding the curious thoughts, he thrust his hips forward, savoring the feeling of his sensitive tips breaching those fleshy, soft lips, the looseness of her hole-no doubt a consequence of the shift she has served for the past several hours- almost an advantage considering the urgency with which Jacob hilted himself inside the faceless girl. As he did so, the girl's legs trembled, and he almost imagined her hips trying to move closer to his, a movement made almost impossible due to the predicament of the wall.

"By Merlin...." he muttered in relief, as the inner walls of the witch wrapped around his cock. Even under the overwhelming feeling of her warmth and wetness, he couldn't shake off the sensation he's already been inside that witch. As to free his mind from the doubts, he started pumping his hips; at first slowly, as to judge how much of him she could take, then deeper and faster, as he pleasantly discovered he could almost hilt himself in her with no effort.
Soon, his thrusts rivaled those of the nearby Slytherin witch, who, judging by her high pitched moaning and frantic movements, was getting close to her climax. He hear Aumellia letting out a final, shrill groan as she exploded inside the dusky witch, white liquid overflowing down her thighs as she panted like a bitch in heat. 

Jacob focused back on his own girl, her legs shaking and her pussy starting to clamp down on his meaty pole at each thrust, prompting him to grunt as he lost himself in the wild, senseless fucking he was giving her. His passion and her increasing wetness allowed him to now fully hilt his cock in her at every stroke, and he could swear his engorged tip was kissing her spongy cervix every time he bottomed out. 
All these sensations were overwhelming, and again, *familiar*- a dear name forming on his lips as he grabbed her hips for support when felt his own release approaching, his veiny shaft starting to throb.
Almost as feeling that, the witch moved and suddenly wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him impossibly closer and deeper in her, finally causing him to let out a loud grunt, as his heavy balls tightened and his member let out a first spurt of potent, warm seed. 

Jacob moaned as he felt her rippled sleeve working him, milking his cock, as he deposited thick jets of hot cum inside her, his seed splattering against and flooding through her cervix, searching for her fertile uterus. "Gods!" he hissed as he stood still, embedded in her cunt, letting her inner walls massage him for every last drop he had to offer. With his eyes closed, as to savor all the incredible sensations, he missed the sight of how the mark on the girl's lower belly glowed softly at first, then harder, as it had some more troubles than expected at working its magic, whatever that was. Then finally, it darkened again, just as Jacob opened his eyes and smiled, gently caressing the girl's hips and brushing his thumbs around the sides of her belly.
He sighed as he reluctantly pulled out his now flaccid cock, a flood of viscous white cum following his exit, most of it remaining in the witch warm body.

He moved a fringe of blonde hair away from his sweaty brow, this time forgoing the cleaning spell, dumbstruck as he was by the ordeal and the thoughts left in his head after the strange, but definitely pleasurable experience. As he exited the corridor, he didn't hear whatever question or baudy remark the old, filthy bartender threw at him, and quickly left the pub, now even emptier than before. As the cool morning air hit him, a smile formed again on his lips.
"I really need to tell Penny about this."