#Beach Side Rescue:Director's cut

Hero watched the beach from his watch tower,calm but observant like he should be. Hero was sweaty from the summer heat, his abs and chest glistening in the sun. Hero had decided to push the dresscode by wearing a speedo that was a little too tight for him, causing his bulge to be visible to all.Hero kept to the rest of the dress code, shades, whistle even had the trademark extra sunscreen on his nose. Anon swam in the ocean loving the feeling of the cool water contrasting with the warm sun. Everything was calm on the beach until Anon heard a wave come for a split second before being engulfed by the wave and pulled to the water beneath him. Anon felt the ocean around him, his vision blurry trying to push himself above the waves but no evail. Hero, ever vigilite, saw Anon go under with the wave and sprang into action blowing his whistle and heading straight to the water. Anon felt the need to breathe more and more, but knew what breathing in now would mean. He decided now to let go, not breathe in but rather let go and hope for the best while not letting the water gain his lungs. Hero had already dove into the water swimming and searched for the one who sank into the water, frantically looking from point to point before his eyes met with Anon sinking, eyes closed and not moving an inch.Hero grabbed onto Anon and pulled him towards the beach. Hero carried Anon, like a prince with his princess, to the shore, bringing him down gently onto the sand. Hero got on his knees to the side of Anon and went down to perform CPR. Anon awoke to feel his lips being pressed against and the breath of life filling his lungs. Hero pulled back and saw his eyes still closed then once again pressing his lips against Anon’s filling him with air. Anon’s eyes opened to see Hero’s face right above his, lips pressed against his again. Hero pulled back to see him awake, growing a relieved grin. Anon started to blush seeing this hunk of a man over him, looking away only to lock eyes with his wet abs and chest. Anon looked down to see his speedo, his cock outlined with his balls almost bulging out the sides. His blush got worse as he felt his chest flare up at the site of Hero’s beautiful pecs, abs and his so close yet so far nether region. You feel your dick harden a little, “alright I’ll need to get you back to the staff room to check up on you and make sure you’re doing alright” Hero said looking straight into your eyes Anon’s eye dashing to the side in response. “Can you walk?” he felt that his legs were fine, but the prospect of being carried by Hero… “N-no” “alright then,” Hero put his arms below his body lifting him up like he did before. 
    Hero carried Anon all the way back to the staff room near the lockers, Anon avoiding eye contact, blushing and resisting the urge to kiss him the entire time. Hero somehow didn’t notice his half chub the entire time as he opened the door and put him down on a bench. “Alright I’m gonna need you to breathe in deep for me ok?” Hero put his hand and Anon’s stomach, feeling his warm hand against his cold stomach. That wonderful feeling and knowing that you’re this close to Hero only made you harder. Hero told you to breathe out, looking at your chest before taking a glance below your waist and seeing something peeking through his swim trunks. Hero began to blush, “w-well it’s probably a good idea to get you into some dry clothes,” Hero said with a wavy grin. Hero grabbed the waist of Anon’s swim trunks pulling them down with his cock popping up. Hero stared at it for a little before looking back to make sure he locked the door behind him before looking at Anon. Hero let out a small chuckle “you know I was kind of hoping someone would be like this..” Hero said, beginning to rub his crotch before climbing on top of Anon ass in his face. Anon could see Hero’s cock much clearer with his speedo being damp, it was already getting hard. Hero began to move his hand up and down Anon’s cock twisting his wet hand around, almost working like a lube. Anon’s began to pick up feeling Hero’s hand on his dick and staring down his perfect ass and ever hardening cock. Anon felt his mouth water staring at his cock through his speedo, imagining it in his mouth and everything that would come with it. He couldn’t take it anymore and pulled Hero’s speedo to the side revealing his cock, getting hard off finally being free, and his balls. His cock was a beautiful tan, about eight inches and decently thick; without a second though he began to run his tongue around his head. Hero stopped his hand, “oh, so you want to move to that already?’ He said with a smug tone, looking back at Anon painting the tip of Hero’s dick with his tongue. Hero went straight to sucking Anon’s tip, making him pause his licking to moan. Not wanting to be beaten, Anon began to suck on Hero’s tip as well. Both had the taste of the rough texture and salty taste of each other’s tips , whether it was due to the skin or the water neither knew nor cared. Both pushed it further, putting each other’s dick deeper in each other’s mouths both wanting a better taste. Hero began rolling his tongue around Anon’s shaft, his tip feeling the back of his tongue. Both wanted to moan but couldn’t with eachother’s member in their mouths, only feeling the breaths from their nose on their balls. Hero began to speed up with Anon using his hands to move Hero’s hip up and down, thrusting his dick deeper into his throat. Before long he didn’t need to move his hand as Hero began to thrust on instinct, feeling Anon’s warm mouth around his cock.  Feeling Hero’s dick begin to fuck his throat did hurt a little, but he would take it for him. They both knew it was coming as both began to thrust and feeling their hot cum start to move up their dicks. Their thrusts became quicker and harder, beginning to hit the backs of each other's throats, before both tried to let out a moan with a mouth full of cock before their cum filled the other’s mouth. Hero was the first to pull out, making sure to swallow every last drop of cum that entered his mouth. Anon then successfully swallowed all of Hero’s man milk before letting Hero’s dick leave his mouth flopping on his process and Hero began to lie on top of him. Both of them panted, feeling the other’s warm body on theirs, their sweat intermixing.  Anon stared now at Hero’s ass realizing he never got anything with it before proceeding to bury his face deep in between his cheeks. Hero jolted a little “oh you want a piece of that as your dessert huh?” Hero said trying to regain his confidence after just 69ing with some guy he just met. “Maybe as something to end this on I could maybe uhh… sit on your face?” Anon began to blush again before rabidly nodding his head. Hero giggled before pulling himself up and sitting on Anon’s face. Anon felt his entire face being engulfed by Hero’s warm ass, smelling a mixture of his sweat and the sea water; he was in heaven feeling a hunk of man’s ass all over his face.Anon began to grab Hero’s cheeks, spreading them open so he could begin giving his taint and asshole a taste. Hero moaned, feeling Anon’s warm tongue rub his taint before breaking open into his butt. Anon felt a beautiful salty and meaty taste, his musk filling his nose, pressing on his crack.Hero saw him already start to get hard again, contemplating what to do next with this ever hardening penis in his presence. 
>Here’s the choose your own horny part! Hero can either be a top or a bottom, for top go for the section labeled A and for Bottom the Section labeled B!

A.
Hero lifted himself up off of Anon, Anon panting being freed from his wonderful ass pillow.  Hero positioned himself facing Anon, holding his now fully erect member pointing straight into him. Hero looked into his eyes, not even needing to say a word Anon nodding at the silent prospect. Hero grabbed and lifted Anon’s legs back, giving him full access to him.Hero moved his hips forward, his tip pressing against his asshole. Anon already moaned just feeling the tip putting even the tiniest bit of pressure: Hero found it cute. Hero thrusted forward,gently but with enough force to hear him moan again, feeling his cock starting to be wrapped by Anon. One again Anon let out a moan, feeling him enter him filling him with pleasure up from his ass to his core.Hero pushed deeper, reaching about half way in feeling Anon’s tight warmness engulfing him. Anon felt more pleasure as he began to feel his prostate squeezed by Hero’s member, causing him to leak just a little.Hero pulled back and began to thrust with a slow motion, beginning to feel a haze as he felt his dick being squeezed by his ass. Anon felt the motion of Hero’s hips, sending shock waves throughout his body making him begin to lose himself to the pleasure. Hero began to pick up the pace, giving in to the pleasure , feeling his cock getting closer and closer to climax. Anon felt his dick leaking even more as Hero thrust deeper and faster. Anon reached an arm beckoning Hero to come closer; Hero bended down, keeping up his thrusts, as Anon leaned in closer and locked lips with him Both now began feeling to sources at both ends.They pressed each others lips feeling the pressure of each other before beginning to open up and do the dance.Anon felt Hero’s tongue enter his mouth, wrapping around his and getting a complete taste of him, and traces of himself. Anon likewise tasted the now familiar taste feeling him with even more joy. Anon couldn't take it any more and felt his cum pumping through his dick as it shot onto his stomach and chest. Hero reached his maximum thrust,already feeling his spunk flowing up his shaft. Hero paused before going in balls deep, pumping Anon with his seed as deep as it could go. Anon felt his thick hot love filling him up pushing him over the edge with pleasure causing him to faint. Anon woke to him still on the bench, cleaned of any remnants of the love making and even having new swim trunks on.However, in his waistband he saw a folded up piece of paper. Pulling it out and unfolding, it read ‘555-4857 call me soon- Hero’ the note ended with a small drawn heart. Anon knew his plans for tomorrow.

B.
Hero lifted himself up off of Anon, Anon panting being freed from his wonderful ass pillow. Hero sat on top of Anon’s stomach, facing him, and putting Anon’s member right between his cheeks. Anon felt  his dick squeezed between Hero’s cheeks, his sweat dripping, running a beautiful tingly feeling down his shaft. He stared at Hero begging him to go on, Hero took notice of the silent go ahead and lifted his cheeks up. Hero squatted down, Anon’s tip pressing against him, and slowly brought himself down letting it enter him. Anon moaned, feeling his cock enveloped by Hero, tighter and somehow wetter than his mouth. Hero tried to keep his balance despite the new way of pleasure shooting up into him, but he kept steady and began to go lower.  Hero had made it about half way onto him, now feeling the pleasure of his prostate being rubbed by Anon’s cock. Hero felt his dick tingle with the pressure just as Anon felt more of his cock being devoured by Hero’s asshole, feeling like the most wonderous combo of the tightness of a handjob and the wetness of a blowjob. Hero felt his legs giving under the pleasure, shaking as he tried to go further, until his leg gave in, causing Anon’s cock to reach its deepest it could. Hero grinded his teeth at the pain of taking it all in at once, before feeling a wave of new pleasure at feeling his deepest part filled with Anon’s dick. Anon felt himself with his own shock wave hitting him, feeling his entire dick engulfed in Hero and his dick already begging to shoot its seeds. Hero’s dick began to leak man milk, feeling his prostate being completely squeezed by Anon’s shaft. Hero started to move up with his hips before slamming down, making his ass jiggle a little when he hit Anon’s pelvis. Hero cock leaked even more with Anon starting to feel his own cum starting to creep up his shaft. Hero picked up the pace feeling Anon about to cum before Anon leaned forward and pulled Hero in for a kiss. As they locked lips Anon began pumping him full of his seed, filling him up and reaching his deepest innards. Hero likewise came, getting cum all over Anon’s chest and stomach. Everything came together and it all made him tired, Anon’s mind deciding now was a good time for nap just as Hero was starting to pull out, his ass leaking out Anon’s cum. Anon awoke cleaned of any of Hero’s nut on his stomach and chest and of his own leaking from Hero on to him. He even saw a new pair of swim drunks and within its waistband lay a folded up piece of paper. Pulling it out and unfolding, it read ‘555-4857 call me soon- Hero’ the note ended with a small drawn heart. Anon knew his plans for tomorrow.
