>be you
>sitting at your computer
>there's a sudden unexplained noise in your home
>stand up to see what it was
>there, in the dim, flickering hallway, is Mikodanye
>she's approaching slowly
>reality skips with each step she takes
>just looking upon her horrible, eldritch countenance causes your mind to shutter
>you know you have to escape
>you run for the front door and throw it open
>there in the street, unnaturally untouched by the light of the moon, is the last vtuber you watched
>they are prepared to fight to the death to defend you against the incomprehensible horror that is Mikodanye
Who's your guardian angel /vt/, and what are their chances?

Watame

>illuminated by the glow of the moon, Watame launches her tsunodrill attack directly at Mikodanye
>about a yard away from reaching her, Mikodanye seems to unnaturally twist her body out of the way
>you see her, in a twisted form of mimicry, slam herself into Watame with enough force to send her flying across the street towards a neighbor's house. You hear an impact and through the darkness you can barely make out her body hitting a railing and bending unnaturally sideways. She is no longer moving.
One Second
>you see Mikodanye approaching the lifeless corpse, and use the chance to make a run for it. the pavement feels rough on your feet, you didn't have a chance to put your shoes on.
Two Seconds
>part of you holds out in hope that you may run across someone else hopefully more suited for battle. Roboco? Noel? Kanata? anyone at all?
Three Seconds
>you hear movement behind you. You can't bring yourself to turn around, and continue running as hard as you can.
Four Seconds
>the noise is getting closer. You want to scream for help, but your lungs are already overworked from your running. You should've exercised more regularly.
Five Seconds
>You realize no one is coming to help. There's no one here that would be awake in the middle of the night, and anyone who might be a match for Mikodanye is far away in the country of Japan. You are alone.
Six Seconds
>suddenly you feel a sharp pain in your ankle, and you tumble to the ground. Your foot hurts, it's clear you twisted something. You finally see Mikodanye as she approaches you. Looking at her gives you the unnerving feeling that what you're viewing isn't real, that it's just an illusion.
Seven Seconds
>every instinct in your body is telling you to get up and run, and yet no matter how hard you try you can't seem to move. You're frozen in terror as Mikodanye gets closer and closer, she's only a few feet away now. Reality seems to warp around her, as if it's trying to avoid touching her. Your head is throbbing, and you feel your blood run cold. If you had the means, you would choose suicide over whatever fate Mikodanye has for you.
Eight Seconds
>she's upon you now. Towering over you, you can make out the horrid texture of her body, the uncanny eyes on her head looking straight at you. She lifts one of her arms, and begins reaching out as if to grab you. You don't understand how she would be able to bend down enough, but she appears unaffected by pesky things such as logic. Her hand reaches lower, and lower, until it almost has you. Whatever cruel fate she has in store for you, you hope it will be a quick death. Using every ounce of willpower you have left, you close your eyes.
>A shout cuts through the still, cold air.
"UI BEEEEEEAAAAAAM!"
>your eyes burst open, and you see a searing bright flash of light. It comes from behind the horrid creature, and grows brighter and brighter. It suddenly shoots forward, and you see a small pinprick of light pierce the center of Mikodanye. Her movement stops, but you can feel the anger and animosity drip off of her. Before she can react however, the light intensifies, growing in thickness. You see behind the small pin-sized beam, a much larger beam is approaching Mikodanye at incredible speeds. You watch as it makes contact with the back of Mikodanye's head, a searing sound filling your ears. You see the beam slowly force it's way through Mikodanye, her expression unchanging and yet somehow one of unfiltered rage. You pray that the beam holds out long enough to finish the job. You finally see the front of her face grow brighter and brighter, before suddenly bursting and burning away as the beam of light finally succeeds in forcing it's way through the unnatural lump of mass that stood before you. The entire upper half of her is gone, replaced by a beam of light that sails over your head. It's beautiful.
>finally, the beam stops. You crawl out of path of Mikodanye as it's body slowly teeters over and falls down in the spot you were just laying. You see Watame, seemingly unharmed and unbeaten, smiling at you.
>you can't believe you forgot Watame respawns in eight seconds. Relief and exhaustion flow over your tired, sweaty body. Strengthless, you can't help but lie on the ground. Watame rushes forward and holds you up, looking into your eyes. Her form, illuminated by the moon, is one of the most beautiful sights you've ever seen, and reality seems to make sense once again.
>Suddenly you hear footsteps approaching in front of you. You look away from Watame, her gaze following yours. In the distance, you see a humanoid figure approaching. You can just barely make out the two soft pom poms on the sides of it's head, before seeing the red beret on top. You feel Watame start shaking, her hands getting sweatier. after a few seconds, Watame speaks.
"W-Watame wa, warukunai yo ne?"