#Letters Addressed To Those Individuals Deemed Competent and Good of Heart Requesting Alliance
##To the Noble Ser Caligate,
I begin this letter by asserting that as my kinsman and friend, you shall have my support is securing your land against the foreign threats we are beset by. You have always been a reputable sort, and I do not expect current circumstances to change the tenor of your character. It is clear to me that the situation in and around the Imperial City has rapidly become untenable, and the Empire in these times requires a stern, but steady, hand. We cannot allow roving tribes of barbarians and marauders to take the Imperial City. I propose to you, an alliance. You must know that I intend to take the throne myself, but know that this is not a case of greed or of foolish pride, I am simply the only one capable of bringing order back to the Empire. I propose to you an alliance, and contingent on your agreement offer my full support to you and your people, so long as you assist me in my endeavor. Shall you decline, I will retain every respect for you, and know that you may go unmolested in my lands. Your father was a good man, and a friend. I won't see his son dead. Shall you accept, you will find a location attached. This is an invitation to parlay with myself and like-minded individuals, for the future of the Empire. 
*~The Most Noble His Grace The Duke of Aletown and Surroundings The Honourable Grenel*

##To the Esteemed and Exalted Endehm, 
My greetings, Brother Man! I have always held the men of Hammerfell in high regard, for you are fine Warriors with a history of heroism. Some may call you pirate, friend, but I know the purity of your soul and I have heard your exploits; he is rare indeed the pirate who does not slay his foes! And now you have made port near to the Imperial City. Under other circumstances, you might be an enemy, but I know a good man when I see him, and I wish to parlay. I want only what is good for all living souls under the Empire, and my army lacks in naval force. I could use your help. I do not speak much Yoku, I am ashamed to say. Perhaps you can teach me some, as we bring peace to the Empire? Ugak-ta, honor, and peace. You will find a location to parlay attached. 
*~The Duke of Aletown and Surroundings Grenel*

##To the Venerable and Wise Octavian Caerulus, 
Hail, kinsman! When I first heard tell of your name from my strategists and spymasters, I could hardly believe my ears! The Caerulus family is an honorable one, and I am pleased to see you carve your own piece out during these times, and proud that you have done well by the people of Nibanay. You prove yourself an effective governor of the lands, friend, and I find myself wishing for your assistance. We are in strange times, and I believe it prudent for those of us of like mind and remarkable talent to band together and forge an Imperial alliance to secure the Empire and bring peace to the lands. Of course, your family would have a place as the heroes and governors of Nibenay at my side. I trust that you will see reason and join us in parlay at the attached location. 
*~The Most Noble His Grace The Duke of Aletown and Surroundings The Honourable Grenel*

##To the Great and Honourable Captain Commander Farvad Torn,  
Hail, Redguard of Hammerfell. I make my intentions clear in this letter: I, the Honourable Grenel, Duke of Aletown, intend to take the Imperial throne, and I request the assistance of your strategic mind, knowing that I can do so with a sound conscience. Your army is formidable, and yet you have caused no undue harm to those innocent citizens of the Empire around you. I believe that together, we may forge an alliance with which we can bring peace and prosperity to these lands, and one day, all of Tamriel. Find the location attached. I hope to see you there, Captain. 
*~The Most Noble His Grace The Duke of Aletown and Surroundings The Honourable Grenel*

##To the Magnanimous Ever-Clever Long, Flowing, and Fluffy Mane of the Khajiit Al-Rahj,
I write to you this day partaking in the crystallized moonlight of your people, presenting an offer of allyship and an extension of trust. The Empire has never been especially kind to your great people, but with the turning of the great wheel and the entry into this new Era, all things may change. Come, Afliq-Raht, great Merchant and greater Mind, come and join us at the attached location for an alliance the likes of which has not been seen since the second Era. Let our people stand side by side as the inheritors of the Empire, and all of Tamriel! 
*~Your hopeful friend, Grenel

##To the Vexing Lordess Kasha Shadowtail, 
I have heard ~~only whispers~~ much of your presence in these lands, and I ~~can only~~ hope this letter finds you well. I seek allyship with such an esteemed and skilled ~~spymistress of Argonia~~ governess of the Heartlands! I seek the Imperial Throne, and I know it will not be possible alone. Should you help in this endeavor, I can say that both of our needs will be met. ~~A representative of Argonia is much needed~~ I can promise a position in my court, for one as fair and true of soul as you will certainly prove invaluable at my side~~for I wish to treat all souls with equal care, but I know little of those mysterious lands~~. I do not wish undue harm to come to good folk who have come to the Imperial City in these tumultuous times, and securing allies like yourself is the first step in this plan. I hope that, should you choose to consider an alliance, we may come to become friends. 
*~His Grace The Duke of Aletown and Surroundings, Grenel

#To the Emperor-in-Waiting Magnus Septim the Second, 
To hear that you live has warmed my heart beyond measure. Your father was an honored friend, and I am beyond words in my joy. But I must advise caution, young Magnus. You are untrained in statesmanship, and young to war. Your father kept you from the harshness of the world but that harsness has come and it will not show mercy. Please, make your way to my estate and stay under my care. We will train you to be the next Emperor of Tamriel. But before then, abdicate the throne, until peace is brought to these lands. Learn and grow under my care. If you take the throne you will surely become a target for forces beyond your understanding. Please, I urge you to listen. I can not lose another Septim. Not so soon.