The fun of a late night care of magical creatures class! A special class offered by Professor Howin for students who were more experienced or showed a real affinity for a magical creature of any kind. A much smaller class than the regular one, this one focused on showing both the dangers and kindness of nocturnal magical creatures in a safe environment where they could be watched over by a teacher. Though this night would go a bit differently than the previous night classes.

Howin had stepped away for a bit to go get extra feed for the mooncalves she was starting every student off. Leaving the students and telling them not to wander off into the night or to do anything that would get themselves hurt. Over time some started to get bored and began to goof off, getting loud enough to be heard at some distance. As they did, most would miss the mooncalves perking up and looking out at something before scattering off into an enclosed pen. 

The students took a bit to notice what was going on. A long howl off in the distance being their first warning before they noticed the black-furred werewolf running towards them. All of them turned and ran towards the castle, yelling out for Professor Howin to come quick, and that there was danger! All of them…but one. My had seen werewolves in a book before and even read that they were dangerous, but she didn’t seem to be afraid, even as the beast got closer and closer.

She just stood there as it approached. Though the werewolf stopped just short of her, stopping and staring at her as it stood on two feet once again. Staring down at her with his teeth bared, a deep rumbling growl coming from him. Something about her seemed so… non-threatening, though the beast snapped his jaws towards her either way. The lack of a flinch, the fact that she didn’t even look up towards the threat in front of her brought a look of obvious confusion to the hound, leaning forward slightly to sniff at her.

My for being in one of the most dangerous situations a witch could find herself in took it remarkably in stride. Fumbling with her hands for a brief moment before reaching towards a nearby bag. Black gloved hand lifting out a piece of meat, presumably for one of the other practice beasts later in the night. Keeping her palm flat as she offered it out to him, treating him as she would any other beast. Looking up towards him as his teeth locked onto the piece of meat rather gently.

As the creature was distracted, she reached up, making sure to stay as slow as she could. Trying to pet the werewolf as she would an actual dog, even going so far as to scratch behind his ears. Any other full moon… any other werewolf and this would have probably caused her to lose an arm. This werewolf on the other hand knew her scent and seemed to trust her with the motion. His eyes closed slowly and brought a very small smile to her face, continuing to reach down and find pieces of meat to feed the creature. Enjoying being able to in any small way bond with a creature like this one.

He could tell she wasn’t a threat, his body relaxing as he lowered down closer to her level to allow her an easier time with her actions. Moving closer to give her a rather slobbery lick across the cheek. Something that would need to be watched off later. As her pets and treat feeding continued. The werewolf continued to lower to the ground, swaying as he started to drift into what could have been a deeper sleep for it.

Unfortunately for both of them, neither would get to witness it as suddenly his eyes snapped open and head perked up. Growling as the Professor and other prefects began to show up, wands out and starting to fling spells that narrowly missed him. The beast turned and started to run towards the highlands and with it the forbidden forest. My still hadn’t moved from her place and watched the trail he went off onto, having made some form of a friend in the beast so it seemed!
