Bae stared out the sliding glass doors of her apartment while she waited for her coffee to finish brewing. In balconies of the complex across the street, banners of clothes hung out to dry on laundry lines fluttered in the morning breeze. The skyline of Japanese offices, electronic stores, and billboards advertising the latest installment in a long-running RPG franchise weren’t noteworthy for most of the population, but for Bae, a homebody now four thousand miles from home, it was consistently invigorating. 

She retrieved her coffee, stirred in a few packets of sugar, and mused on her living situation. The apartment she’d be leasing while in Japan was shared, but Bae hadn’t seen the other tenant for days. Her interactions were mostly limited to dropping off meals and picking up laundry like a fussy dormitory mother. *Though even the laziest university students would have held themselves to higher standards of personal hygiene* Bae noted with a hint of fatigue.

Ina, Bae’s roommate, could be charitably described as dedicated to her way of life. Activities such as vacuuming, cooking meals, making beds, and yes, even bathing, always took a backseat to her creative passions. Time spent loading the washing machine could have been spent wrapping up an art commission, and time spent cleaning dishes could have been spent devouring another volume of manga.

So it had fallen to Bae to pick up the slack in their housework. She didn’t mind much. As long as the common rooms remained presentable and guests wouldn’t cover their noses when visiting for the occasional after-work hangout, most of Ina’s slobbish habits were easy to ignore.

*Most*, not all. Bae frowned as she looked at the living room couch. One problem she hadn’t been able to solve were the…imprints Ina left on the furniture. A shallow gray impression remained stubbornly soaked into the far end of the couch where Ina typically lounged about during anime nights. No amount of scrubbing or chemical solvent could bring back the original color or completely remove the smell, but Bae couldn’t imagine reupholstering the whole thing either. For now, she was content to hide the afflicted area beneath blankets and throw pillows when company was at the door.

Since Bae’s concert rehearsal was starting up soon, she only had about an hour of the morning left to herself. Bae was getting ready to leisurely sip her coffee and dig into a few of the snacks she brought over from Australia when she noticed something strange on the living room table. It was a large black tome embossed with spider web-like designs. Upon closer inspection, it appeared to be AO-chan; Ina must have forgotten she’d left it out. Bae slowly set down her coffee on a coaster, her attention fully diverted. 

She had been warned multiple times not to mess with AO-chan, since, even with her power as  the embodiment of Chaos, what lay within those pages was much too dangerous to manage without the priestess nearby. Yet Bae was intrigued. It wasn’t likely she’d get a chance to sate her curiosity like this again. Bae ran her finger over the cover, sensing its otherworldly aura, feeling both heat and a muscle-seizing chill reach her fingertips. Against her better judgment, she flipped it open. 

A millennia of forbidden knowledge collapsed into a small bead and fired into Bae’s brain. She felt the ground open up beneath her as a dark ocean from a universe outside of time submerged her body, dragging her down and drowning her in an infinite abyss. Slow moving leviathans emerged from the blackness, pulling miles of gray-blue flesh behind them, and regarded her miniscule form with alien eyes.

The next second, she was back, heart beating in her ears and simply sitting on the couch with the book open in her lap. The mortal terror quickly faded like a passing nightmare and Bae felt only excitement at potentially unveiling Ina’s secrets.

Bae laid down on the couch on her back and began flipping through her roommate’s book. The words weren’t immediately readable, but they came together in small twitching pieces, like minnows forming letters at the bottom of a pond. Letters linked into words, then linked into sentences. There was palpable magic here, powerful enough to feel in the air, but Bae ignored her instincts and doggedly kept turning the pages.

“Cuttlefish Trick,” she read aloud. “Call upon the primordial mimics of the depths to perfectly camouflage oneself and fade into the space behind reality. Completely erase your presence.” The description went on (featuring many words Bae didn’t even know how to pronounce) but she got the gist. Basically, it seemed to be something even more potent than invisibility– a complete nonexistence. 

The gears in Bae’s mind turned. She recalled multiple instances in the past where, needing another pair of hands for chores or grocery shopping, she had called out to Ina. Not only had Ina not responded, she'd completely disappeared from the apartment. Bae always found this odd considering how rarely Ina left the apartment (or her room for that matter), but reading this spell brought everything to light. Ina must have been using this spell to cheekily dodge her responsibilities.

A twinge of annoyance crossed Bae’s mind but she quickly recovered. Instead of awkwardly confronting Ina, wouldn’t it be more fun to use her own trick against her? Maybe give her a little jumpscare to start the day? Clearing her throat, Bae began reading out the incantation, her mouth making sounds no being was meant to produce, and a beautiful kaleidoscope of color ran up and down her body like a prismatic chrysalis. Something felt wrong, however, and her body flashed cold like she’d just swandived beneath arctic waters. Her mouth stopped moving, then the rest of her body followed. This was one of the thousand dangers Ina had tried to warn her about; amateur spellcasting had all manner of side effects. In this case, Bae was paralyzed. AO-chan dropped from her frozen hands and landed on the carpet.

On her back and unable to move, Bae could only stare at the ceiling and wait, every passing minute building anxiety. A grim portion of her mind was worried this was only the prelude to something more severe or that the effects would be permanent. But no, Ina would surely know what to do. She hoped. All she had to do was wait for Ina to get hungry enough to come scavenging for food.

Unfortunately, in one of the universe's cruel twists, Bae’s incantation had been perfectly successful. Her presence had been thoroughly erased.

–
–

Twenty feet away, deep in the confines of her dank, stuffy bedroom, Ina’s butt had been glued to her chair for the last nine hours. The commissions were piling up and even someone operating at her prodigious speed found herself running against human limits. The mad dash to push out her final deliverables had left her a stressed, sweaty, stinky mess, her body streaking with perspiration that collected across the small of her back and in obvious gray stains beneath the armpits of her white t-shirt.

Ina leaned back and stretched her arms, giving a peek of the hairy pits hidden beneath. “Ahhh, finally!” She pushed up off her armrests and peeled her fat ass off her chair for the first time since yesterday’s sundown, leaving behind a slick, dark imprint of her cheeks that was now practically built into the seat. Ina rolled her shoulders and took a few laps around what little floor space wasn’t choked with dirty laundry and otaku merchandise. Even by her standards, she was smelling *ripe* and decided a shower was long past due. Though, exiting her room and running into Bae in this state would be extremely embarrassing…

Timidly, Ina poked her head out into the hall to make sure she wouldn’t be spotted. There were no signs of life outside. “Hello? I’m done with my work stuff! …Bae?” The barren apartment initially confused her, so she checked the shared work calendar on her phone. Ina perked up– not only was Bae’s concert practice today, it was an all-day affair! She had the house to herself!

With no one else around to judge her appearance, Ina confidently strode out of her bedroom, leaving her natural NEET fashion on full display. Her hair was cut into a short bob cut so it didn’t get in the way when working, though the bangs were a little messy. Her t-shirt featured a striking page of professionally drawn manga panels, easily readable upon the flat surface of her chest. And while her upper body was humorously underdeveloped, the same could not be said for her lower half, which was overflowing with feminine curves. Thick thighs supported her wide hips and junkfood-fattened ass; the latter made wearing any kind of shorts or pants uncomfortably tight. Thus the only item below Ina’s waist was a tiny violet pair of panties that were slowly sinking into her enormous unshaved bush. 

Ina’s plan to finally bathe had been sidelined by the apartment’s lack of tenants. Now her wants were simple and degenerate: grab some food from the kitchen, plop down on the couch, and drink deep from the well of seasonal anime she’d been neglecting for months thanks to her unbalanced work-life. By her estimations of everything she’d missed, it would take about six hours.

The fridge was mostly bare except for an empty rack of cherry soda and various condiments lining the inside shelves. Fortunately, way in the back, was the leftover Korean barbeque Ina had brought back from the outing with her senpai last month. She hoisted the weighty Styrofoam package to the counter next to the sink and opened it up. The majority of it was still there, though the smell suggested it was on the edge of going bad. Ina shrugged. She was unwilling to wait for another delivery, and *definitely* not willing to hit the streets and seek out a convenience store bento. The poor cashier and every customer in the vicinity would probably pass out from her body’s overwhelming funk.

Leaning over the counter, Ina shoved forkfuls of spicy meats and fried rice into her mouth, each bite augmented by heaps upon heaps of delicious purple kimchi. The fermented vegetables crunched between her teeth and refreshed her pallet as she chowed down. Aside from snack cakes and soda, Ina hadn’t eaten in a while so she had an intense appetite. Still, there was a lot of food to get through since Ina had misread the menu and ended up ordering a serving for three people.

Bae heard Ina’s kitchen activity from the couch, though she couldn’t see much with her head stuck facing upwards. Ultimately it was a relief to hear Ina out of her room so quickly since it meant her troubles were coming to a close. There would be some awkward explanations, likely another stern warning about the dangers of “powers beyond human imagination”, but at least she’d have control of her body again.

Six minutes later, Ina reached her limit. She paused and hesitantly rubbed her tummy. There was a sizable bloat to her stomach that signaled she may have gotten a little overeager with her breakfast.

She set the half-empty container aside, then turned once more to the fridge. The spicy sauces had left her mouth hot and dry, so she needed something to wash it down. With soda off the table (even the multiple cans of Dr. Oopsie in her room were empty), the only chilled beverage left was the two tall cartons of milk on the top shelf. These had historically been used exclusively by Bae for her morning cereal or as a cooking ingredient, but now it was looking like Ina’s only option.

Ina felt conflicted. She knew very well the heavy toll this would take on her body. Then again, the house was serendipitously empty and the only thing that would have to bear the brunt of this decision would be the unlucky couch cushions. Sighing, Ina unscrewed the cap and tipped one of the cartons back against her lips, chugging long, deep swallows of milk and cooling down the lingering heat of the spicy meats. Not one second after slamming down the much lighter milk carton, Ina felt a foreboding rumble in her tummy.

“Ahh…past Ina might have made a mistake there.” Gingerly prodding her stomach, Ina headed for the couch, her full, bloated tummy lightly sloshing away at her huge meal, indigestion already brewing with a vengeance. 

Ina walked over to Her Spot on the couch and turned around. But before sitting down, she caught AO-chan in the corner of her eye lying mysteriously at the foot of the couch. “Oh? What are you doing out here?” As Ina manipulated the book in her hands, wondering when she'd lost track of its whereabouts, she left her giant shelf of an ass hanging precariously over Bae’s face.

Bae looked up in a mix of awe and fear. Ina’s fat pale ass was dripping with sweat, uncountable shining beads of musk slid down the impressive curvature of the priestess’ backside to meet the back of her thighs. The small pair of Tako-colored panties were stretched distressingly taut across Ina’s enormous buttcheeks, not so much “worn” as “painted on” thanks to how sweat-soaked they were. A worrying stain claimed the seat of Ina’s underwear, the culmination of weeks of sweating her ass off inside her poorly-ventilated NEET den. From between Ina’s chunky thighs, Bae could see her incredibly dense purple bush spilling out from the sides of her panties. The smell radiating off Ina’s ass and crotch was warm and nauseatingly pungent. 

“Sorry I forgot about you out here,” Ina said to AO-chan, “At least now you can keep me company!”

With complete obliviousness, Ina bent her knees and fell back onto the couch. Everything above Bae’s narrow shoulders was instantly buried in an avalanche of thick, sweaty, unwashed hikki girl ass. Only a few strands of Bae’s bright red hair stuck out from Ina’s plump thighs like limp party streamers.

Everything went dark for Bae. She could feel the crushing warmth of Ina’s huge supple butt flattening her skull into the couch, the tang of salty sweat and piss teasing her lips, and the stench seeping into her nostrils smelling like a dozen loads of dirty well-worn laundry condensed into a single unfortunate pair of cotton panties. Even the aftermath of Fauna’s worst idol meetings paled in comparison. To top everything off, a few dark pubic hairs tickled her nose and mouth as Ina shifted in her seat.

Bae’s first instinct was to shove Ina off, but her arms remained frustratingly immobile at her side. No matter how much she willed them, they wouldn’t budge an inch. “Ina! Oi! Move your butt off my face!” Bae tried to yell, but her words were passing through another plane of reality and never had a chance of reaching Ina’s ears. 

For a split second, Ina sensed something amiss about her seat, like she accidentally sat on the remote or some other stray object. But the feeling passed as quick as it came, and Ina relaxed, assuming it was an errant bit of foam inside the cushion. Without the slightest bit of modesty, Ina spread her thick thighs in a most unladylike manner, content to let the raunchy girl musk that had been fermenting in her thick bush air out into the room. She scratched idly at her inner thigh, dislodging a few wiry pubes in the process, and readjusted her panties so that her hairy cunt wasn’t so exposed… but it didn’t help much. Her unkempt jungle was difficult to conceal on the best of days, and, at this point in time, she hadn’t shaved in months.

As Ina aired out her crotch and navigated through the onslaught of streaming services, a sudden hearty belch escaped her mouth and vibrated the air. She was *really* beginning to regret her choice of breakfast now, especially when she felt all the bubbling gas in her system immediately race towards a very different direction.

Bae whimpered upon hearing the telltale groans and rumbles from Ina’s stomach. She called out again and tried to rock her face from side to side against Ina’s greasy ass, anything to signify her presence and prevent the inevitable. No such luck.

**gggrRRRrrmmmbb**

Ina winced and clutched her stomach. From the magnitude of the cramps rumbling through her gut, she knew her farts were going to be brutal. She scanned the room, making absolutely sure she was alone, before going forward with fumigating the room. Ina briefly apologized for whoever had to use the couch after their lease was up, then squinted her eyes and lifted one heavy, doughy buttcheek to the side.

A strong, bubbly fart blasted right against Bae’s wincing face, rushing over her nose, lips, and chin as it escaped Ina’s aggravated bowels. While Ina never had the loudest farts among Myth (Mori and Ame were locked in a dead heat for that title), Ina always had the edge when it came to smell. The priestess’ horrid gas could wilt plants and burn through bedsheets, and it only got worse with an upset stomach. Bae had the grave misfortune of experiencing Ina’s ability at ground zero. The stink of rotten vegetables and expired dairy warmed Bae’s nose and clung to her nostrils like a rancid film. After a moment of sheer, unbelieving disgust, Bae retched and coughed into Ina’s jiggly ass, feeling her airways burn upon contact with such an ungodly smell. 

“Ahh…” Ina let out a cute sigh and let the warmth of her nasty fart spread and settle beneath her fat thighs. As long as she managed her “output” correctly, Ina thought, she should be able to keep the majority of her lethal gas safely contained by the cushion.

Ina turned her attention back to the TV. A few misremembered passwords later, she was hitting play on episode one and settling in for the long haul. She occasionally helped herself to the box of Tim Tams and crisps on the table, both of which were the intended morning snacks of the girl she was currently smothering with her smelly unwashed ass. Ina spent the next forty minutes slowly emptying her tank, the painful gas bubbles still punching and kicking her stomach on the way out to punish her dietary transgressions. Some farts were short and somewhat loud, others barely audible but dragged on unbearably long. The area under Ina’s butt was getting concerningly warm and damp, adding to that annoying itchy sensation around her butthole Ina always got when she wore the same pair of panties for too many weeks in a row.

She *could* go to her room and change into something fresher…but that, of course, would require moving. And moving was the last thing on Ina’s mind after running herself ragged through the death march of deadlines and high-tension late-night international phone calls. Instead she compromised with a brief shift in position, lifting her giant sweaty ass *juuust* enough to pick the deep wedgie riding up her crack, reposition on the couch, and slam back down. Her new seating arrangement crammed Bae’s nose right up her asscrack, now unwittingly rubbing the rat’s sniffer into her stuffy panty-clad anus.

That small change in seating brought a bit of relief to the priestess, and now she could focus on the screen. Ina smiled and sat with her hands in her lap as the grand space battle teased since episode three played out. So enraptured was she with the drama that Ina completely lost track of time, and ended up ignoring what her body was yelling at her to take care of. Her stomach groaned and bubbled impudently, the milk sloshing around like a raging sea and riling up a massive bout of gastric distress. Thanks to Ina’s negligence, this one had been building for over an hour.

“Ugh. I guess this is why squids don’t usually drink milk,” Ina said with a small, worried giggle. Her dopey nasally voice was at extreme odds with the vicious gas she’d been forcing down Bae’s throat. Closing her eyes, Ina leaned back a bit and let loose.

A long sloppy stream of powerfully rancid flatulence sputtered from Ina’s hairy asshole, vibrating against Bae’s nose and overfilling her sinuses with pent up gas. Ina’s fat heavy ass pushed down hard, making a perfect seal around Bae’s nose and ensuring that she would end up snorting every last bit. The sour smell of spoiled milk returned with a vengeance, alongside the tortuous heat of the spicy seasoning Ina’s meal had been drowned with, simmering through Bae’s nasal passages like wildfire. The offensive odor instantly brought stinging tears to the rat’s eyes, forcing her into a another miserable fit of gagging. “Disgusting” couldn't even begin to describe Ina’s awful flatulence. 

After a good five seconds, Ina finally untensed her stomach and straightened up, unaware of just how bad she just gassed out the “couch cushion” below her. Ina gave a cautionary sniff and noticed the air was still mostly clear, though a faint stench had started tainting the area like a gas leak seeping in from another room. She figured there was only so much the couch could filter. And the angry rumbles in her gut reminded Ina that her stomach still had plenty to work through.

–
–

The sky was darkening outside. Ina was on the last episode of her anime binge, and the airspace around her side of the couch was now thick with her lingering farts and body odor. Despite ripping ass into Bae’s face on and off for the last three hours, Ina still struggled with a stubborn bout of cramping that came from the depths of her bowels. A loud, almost bestial gurgle shook Ina’s tummy. Her skin flushed and sweat ran down her face. Ina briefly considered leaping to her feet and running to the bathroom, but she figured it’d be safer (and easier) to make the couch absorb it.

Bae, for her part, had been beaten and suffocated by Ina’s unrelenting gas to a near comatose state. But the ominous sounds above got her adrenaline spiking right back to when Ina first sat down. Her mouth and nose hyperventilated, unprepared for Ina’s gaseous finale.

Ina reached down and spread her thick cheeks, making sure her asshole was in direct contact with her seat. She wanted everything to soak and collect into the cushion, as she was genuinely concerned her biohazardous release hitting open air would leave the living room unusable for days otherwise. Bae’s muffled cries and pleas to be let go managed to lightly wobble Ina’s cheeks, but nothing more.

After a tense minute of massaging her stomach, Ina slowly exhaled, relaxed her asshole, and unleashed a hot, reeking, hissing SBD directly up Bae’s upturned nose. It was all of Ina’s slobby lifestyles choices and unhealthy eating habits condensed into a single uninterrupted stream of silent, offensively rancid gas, smelling intensely of digested meats and rotten garlic-glazed kimchi. The white hot concoction singed Bae’s thin nose hairs and briefly plunged her into unconsciousness, but she pulled through back into the waking world, unwillingly inhaling every molecule of Ina’s infamously terrible, wallpaper-peeling, nose-burning SBDs. The silent expulsion went on for nine agonizing seconds, growing only more odorous and concentrated as it continued pumping down Bae’s nose. Pushing down on her stomach, Ina forced out the last straggling bubbles of cramping gas with a surprisingly loud splutter that wobbled her enormous white asscheeks like pudding.

“Hahh…” Ina’s body went limp. Shining with sweat, muscles aching, her unexercised body felt like she’d just run a marathon. The stench wafting off her body was somehow even worse, and the cushion she’d been punishing with her farts all day would almost certainly need to be incinerated, ideally miles away from any populated area. The priestess stood up and removed her smelly sweaty ass from Bae’s face, leaving behind a sloppy outline of her cheeks and a centimeter-deep puddle of sweat that pooled around the back of Bae’s neck and tickled her ears.

Ina stretched as much as her inflexible hikki body allowed and once again fished out the wedgie that had stubbornly raced up her crack, letting her damp panties smack wetly against her ass. It had been an eventful day and she was ready to hit the sack. Showering could probably wait one more day. 

But before she turned off the TV, Ina saw that the OVA for the series she’d been watching was available for streaming as well. Ina scratched her armpit, contemplating her next move. The smell pouring off her body was honestly making her lightheaded and her asscrack was uncomfortably soaked in butt sweat and fart residue…but another hour wouldn’t hurt . After all, Bae would be still at concert practice for a while. 

Bae’s spirits rose when Ina got off and walked away, only to drop when Ina came right back to the couch. Bae screamed internally as Ina’s wobbly dumptruck shadowed her face and that distinct musky body odor was reintroduced to her senses. Bae’s only consolation was that, since Ina hadn’t eaten for a long time, the priestess would finally stop forcing her farts down her throat.

Unfortunately for everyone’s favorite bright-eyed hard-working rat idol, Ina did not come back empty handed. In one hand, Ina held the rest of the tasty spicy KBBQ that had been left on the counter. 

In her other hand, recently opened, was the second carton of milk.