#Parting Gift
*The seemingly impossible had finally come to pass. While all his fellow crew members had given up on the native populous of this strangely quiet and frigid people, Elang was never one to back down. And good things do indeed come to those who wait, or at least those who are persistent in their efforts. A young lady in a simple, light blue dress seemed to understand somewhat what he was after brushing his tail against her on the street. With a soft giggle and light smile behind her elongated bob, the woman he would learn went be the name Ottilie invited him to a small bar just around the corner. He’d learned that these people apparently had some long ritual of having to get to know each other before mating, but that was just fine. He’d be the first to sample these fruits, and boy would he be smug about getting to rub in the face of all the others.*

*The two were sat at a small, round wooden table, adorned with a beige tablecloth with a flowery red pattern by a window looking out towards the streets. Sitting across the cute little thing as she read over a menu made of a harder version of that thing that they called a newspaper that a waiter had given the two of them, Elang felt a bit out of his element to be honest. He neither spoke nor could he read their language, but the girl seemed to have noticed when he hadn’t picked up the menu he had been offered, pointing to her own and then to herself followed by the thumbs up so it seemed like she had things under control. Having no idea what he was supposed to do then, he let his eyes wander around and observe the strange decorations that place had. Anything from a little outcropping holding a few books the head of a large creature with two huge horns that seemingly split of into several smaller horns.*

*Eventually, the waiter returns to take their order. Ottilie spoke with the plain looking man, save for his moustache, as he took notes of the things she ordered. While he couldn’t make sense of a word said, he enjoys how soft their tongue seemed coming from her lips. Apparently satisfied, the waiter gave a small bow before walking behind closed doors, presumably to deliver the order to the chefs. Now stuck waiting to see what the girl had ordered for them, he took a moment to observe his catch. From the single-pearled necklace adorning her neck above the ever so slightly showing of cleavage, to the rounded chin and the smirk formed by her full lips, the button nose with the hint of freckles on its bridge, and finally those round hazel eyes squinting at him. Leaning forward, resting her chin in one of her hands, she seemed quite satisfied just enjoying the silence as both he and she simply took in their partner.*

***

“One bowl of roasted hazelnuts and two glasses of sparkling white from Narmi?” *The older gentleman returned with their appetizer on a wooden tray in one hand, adjusting his rounded glasses with his other.*

“Yes, thank you very much.” *Ottilie replied, offering a small nod in thanks for the man’s service. Thankfully this was a place that saw frequent visits by foreigners so the staff were no strangers to hosting more… exotic? Yes, exotic guests. A fitting description to the cutie sitting in front of her. She might be a bit different herself with her taste in men, preferring those who are a bit more open and direct with their wants, but how anyone could say no to this man when they saw how his eyes lit up at the sight of the snack she had ordered was oh so worth the little splurge she had to do. Especially amusing was the sight of his tail swaying in joy, ah he was just so easy to read~*

*Ottilie was content to enjoy the lightly salted nuts, taking them one by one in contrast to the Risuner who was practically shoveling his cheeks full by comparison. For a moment when she had first placed the order, she was a little uncertain if he’d take it as an insult that she had ordered based upon his appearance, but it seems as if she had nothing to worry about in that regard. If anything, the true shock came from the sparkling white wine. She couldn’t tell if he was laughing at the sensation in his mouth, or if he was gagging at the taste as he was cupping in front of his mouth. Either way, Ottilie couldn’t help but giggle at the amusing sight of a man experiencing the carbonated drink.*

*When the main course finally arrived, [it was in form of a neat little basket, using an old newspaper page to hold the breaded oysters, fries, and the small metal cups holding two dipping sauces. One using mayonnaise as a base with various pickled herbs and lemon juice for a refreshing taste, and one more smokey and spicy sauce with a tomato base.](https://grilling24x7.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2021/02/DSC03984-1536x1256.jpg.webp) Taking one of the oysters in hand and dipping it in the former, Ottilie presents it to her partner while holding her spare hand under it to make sure the sauce doesn’t drip down on the table cloth.*

“Say ‘ahhh ~’.”

*The boy complied, letting himself be fed by the woman in a display many would consider inappropriate for a first meeting. She did not care. She wanted to make sure that the lad would test the zinc rich seafood and accomplished just that. Though it appeared that Elang was more interested the sauce that had more sting to it. ‘Ah, but that was fine. As long as it got him eating and ready for what’s to come’, she thought to herself taking a sip from her drink.*

***

*It was turning quite late when the two came to exit the bar in search of a place to stay at, as it was far to far for either of them to lead the other to where they stayed at this hour and with how intoxicated the Hooman woman was. Woe, it appears as if she could not hold her liquor whatsoever as she clung on to the arm of the Risuner, pressing her modest chest against him to not lose balance and trip over a rogue rock on the cobblestone road. Thankfully they did not have to search long. A single, twin bedroom was available in a small inn. With slurred speech the woman hired the room for two for a night, her cheeks in a rose blush from both the alcohol and the thought of what was about to happen next.*

***

*Swiftly discarding their shoes, Ottilie grabbed Elang by the wrist, guiding him into the bedroom proper. Once stood by the large bed, she turned around to rest her arms around Elang’s neck, weighing him down to get him closer for a deep kiss. At the same time, the man’s own arms held her tightly, one drifting down along her back to give Ottilie soft bubble of a butt a firm squeeze. A throaty moan escaped her lips as the two broke of their kiss, the lady’s legs giving out as the two fell down on the bed. Wasting no time, Elang grabbed the rim of her dress, swiftly undressing her of both it and the chemise she had worn underneath and casting the clothes to the floor.*

*He before him laid a woman with a homely, if pear-shaped body. The dress had done nothing to accentuate her pleasant hips, which were a very welcome surprise to Elang. He crouched down by the bed, coming face to face with the woman’s petals. Extending his tongue, he tasted its sweet nectar, eliciting a moan he could only describe as melody to his ears. Perhaps there was something to these people and their long-winded ways, the sweet release after the long wait was all the more pleasant as he could feel the woman grip his hair and entwine her twitching legs around his back while she groaned in pleasure. She was uttering something between pants, yet her words held no bearing, and she knew it. All that was now was a night of passion.*


*Anticipation was heavy in the air as Ottilie rolled over, walking on all four further unto the bed to give the disrobing man room to climb on as well.*

“Ah~!” *She yelped in surprise as he gripped her hips firmly much earlier than she had expected, adjusting his fine mast to properly pierce her most sacred of places. The woman underneath him held no such patience, eagerly adjusting her behind and leaning pack into his pole herself. Not to be outdone, the man eagerly thrusted with wild abandon. The frantic smacks of flesh smacking against flesh occupying the air with its obscene sound.*

“Oh… Oh, heavens yes…!” *While Ottilie had first tried to match the much more experienced man with an eagerness he himself considered quite charming, she resigned herself to trying to raise her butt further for ease of access as she laid her upper body against the bedding.*

*With the continuous plunging, Elang could feel himself nearing the edge. While the woman was too inexperienced to clench him in the way he liked, the tightness more than made up for it. With no other way of communicating what was coming, he gave the woman’s juicy ass a good smack, squeezing it firmly as he sped up even further before unloading his seed deep within.*

*Retreating his manhood from the woman, he took a moment to catch his breath while she crawled towards the bed’s pillows. For a moment, he thought she was turning out for the night. He would quickly be proven wrong, the woman turning around to lay on her back with her legs spread wide as a pair of wings. A hand of hers drifted down to her nether, parting it to give a good view of the man’s deed. That, along with the longing look in her eyes were easily helped bring blood to his meat once more. The dame had left most of dinner for him to eat, so it only made sense that she would be ravenous now. Of course, he planned to make up for it in full. Crawling towards her, he penetrated her yet again, eliciting a sweet moan that was keen to hear more of.*

“Ahhh…!” *She couldn’t help herself, powerless before the man nibbling on her neck and teasing her nipples while driving deep with her. Instinctively, she locked her legs around Elang’s lower back while clutching with her arms around his shoulders, scratching him as she tried to find a grip.*

“Hnnng!” *Biting back a scream, the woman’s vulva clamped down on the phallus as it was being driven as deep as it physically could by the tight embrace of the woman’s legs around Elang’s hips. Just in time to match his own orgasm too, flooding the greedy womb once more.*

*Feeling fully spent, Elang tried to pull out of the woman… only to be met with resistance from her still entwined limbs. He looked down in confusion at Ottilie, only to be met by a foxy grin before feeling her thrust herself against his side, wrestling him over unto his back. Feeling her forcing his manhood into her slit for a third time, he realized what he had encountered was truly lecherous woman in the making.*
…
*The two remained unmoving, save for their heavy panting. Both were incredibly exhausted from mating for goodness know how long, with Elang ejaculating a whole three times in quick succession for the first time in his life. Eventually, he tried to rise with the support of his unsteady arms… only to be forced down by Ottilie, laying down on top of him with her full weight. Again, she rose her butt before smacking it down anew. She raised herself up ever so slightly, just enough that she could again look eye-to eye with the man underneath her, uttering a single, dreadful word that he could easily make out the meaning of.*

[“More~”](https://s1.alice.al/vt/image/1633/29/1633293769223.jpg)