"Hey Calli!...you mind if I borrow Kiara for a bit? I need help with something." Ina said as she beckoned Kiara over with her finger. The bulge on her pants was quite pronounced. Calli, without even realizing the situation, gave the go ahead. Kiara reluctantly followed after her, hoping Calli would notice, but she never even looked.

Not many moments later, Ina is rough face fucking Kiara against a wall. Her cock reached all the way to her stomach, then back, then in again, and again. Tears streamed down her face, darkened by her ruined makeup. Lipstick marks can be seen on her massive throbbing cock momentarily, right up until Ina thrusted inside her mouth again.

"You're really good at this aren't you? I bet you get lots of practice, you fucking slut." Ina rammed against her face full force, her balls slapping against her chin with a meaty whap. Kiara gagged and choked, holding Ina's hips with both her hands tight enough that she could feel her nails sinking in. Ina didn't care, she kept pounding away at this stupid chicken's tight throat made for cock sucking. Soon enough, she let out her seed inside, Kiara could feel the powerful spurts of semen coating her insides, warm and sticky, salty, too thick for her to even swallow, but she didn't need to, Ina used her own semen as lube to push herself further inside, unloading her cum directly into her stomach. Her orgasm lasted several minutes, Kiara could feel her stomach getting bloated as her chest began to inflate slightly. She couldn't even breathe anymore, she stopped struggling and just hoped it would all be over soon. Eventually, Ina took out her massive meat rod from inside her, allowing her to expel some of the excess cum from inside her and finally breathe. Still dizzy and gasping for air, Kiara looked up, only to see the massive throbbing erection still ready for another round standing above her face. Leftover semen spilled out from her urethra, dripping onto the chicken's face as she stroked her cock whilst licking her lips.

"Hmm~ that was good. But I'm not done yet. That miniskirt of yours is too tempting. Turn around and show me your tight ass, I'm going to fuck the shit out of it." Kiara could do nothing but comply, she put her hands on the wall and turned her ass towards Ina who salivated over the sight of it. Perhaps this was going to be trouble...