”One night”

The words echoed clearly in my mind. The dumb bet I made during my roommate’s party have finally come to bite me. Good fucking damn John and his insufferable need to be the center of attention. He could have ended the party when it started to rain but no, he had to be a hero and invite everyone to our home. And here I stand now, in front of an old and rusted gate, a steel fence going at least fifty meters to either side, with John and his friends, inside a warm car, hollering at me to go inside. Why did I have to choke right there, I was so painfully close to a no hit run. The road ahead leads to a mansion hidden in a pine tree forest, it takes about five minutes to walk there and the road itself is not the most comfortable walk. The mansion has been a home to many creatures during my life werewolves, demons, psychotic killers, all that spooky stuff you believe in when you are five. Once, a lizardman was supposed to live there. Why a ferocious beast lived in the manor I don’t know, there is a good swamp an hour’s drive from here so it doesn’t make sense. Don’t know why the bet is a night in the mansion, maybe they are hooked on horror movies.

I turn away from the gate and start walking down the road. Only an idiot would climb the gate or they did not grow up here, it is three meters high, no holes to place your feet and even if you get up that high the arrowhead decoration would cut you. Simply said, not a fun climb. In my search for the way I used to get in the hollering changed to boos as I was called a pussy in all its forms. No matter, once I find the spot I don’t have to hear it anymore.

There it was, two rods loosened by time and rain. I just had to lift them up a little and with a well-placed kick force them out their wedges. Luckily enough even after all these years I could still fit through the hole it left, just need to twist my torso. And with a little finesse and force of hand it looks like no one has been here for millennia. I waved my friends goodbye with a solitary finger and start to walk up the forest road.

It got darker as I walked further into the forest, the trees blocked out the sun. If I had a camera with me I could film some b film for a ghost show or background for an scp video. No life existed under these trees, no trace of a deer, no mushrooms on the bark. Nothing, only my own steps against the dead pines. The howling wind flowed through the forest taking away what little heat that had gotten stuck under the oppressive branches. Don’t remember it being this quite, I used to play here all the time, maybe the other kids made seem livelier.

Finally, I saw my destination and home for the night. The Drakebrook mansion, our towns dilapidated pride and joy. A big mansion divided into three wings and two floors with a distinct gothic style to the décor. If I know my history correct this used to be an abbey before being remodeled. It was the perfect place to play hide and seek, so many nooks and crannies to hide in and the size was something to dream of. It was rundown before, with mold and moth finding home in the empty halls, but as it looks now you would need to use the whole horse to fix this mess. The doors were broken in half and most windows on the top floor were busted. That’s only what I can see now, can’t wait to find the master bedroom has a big hole in the wall. I saw something move in the leftmost window of the mansion, I am sure it is the drapes in the wind but even after it had died the drapes continued to move in a deliberate rhythm. The imagery created a festering chill that slowly crept up my spine. That sure is spooky.

The lobby is not worse compared to the outside, the carpeted floor is still intact, faded red with a mosaic pattern, and the stairs seem sturdy enough. The northern wing was blocked off; someone had boarded the door shut. The west wing should be a hallway to a bathroom, a drawing room and the living room and that connects to the study, or maybe it was the dining room. Whatever the case I want to find a kitchen, the stairs to the cellar are there. Once inside, I scan the living room. It has seen better days, the couch that used to stretch across the long side of the room was ripped apart, by something large if the gashes are to be trusted. On the other side of the room is a piano. It off all the things in the mansion that has survived the longest. I remember when I used to play on that thing, sounded god awful but sometimes I made it work. Aside from the couch and piano everything not bolted down has either been destroyed and burned by squatters for heat. Through the door on the west side was the study, yup I remembered wrong. The shelves were empty except for the few that held cobwebs and the dead cockroach. Used to be one of those globes in here, we thought it was the coolest because it opened up and there were whiskey bottles inside. The idiot that I was thought it was apple cider. Man, I think that ruined alcohol for me.

There is no other way to go from the study unless there is some hidden door I don’t know about. But that won’t happen, so, to the east wing then. On the way there I bumped into the wall and I heard a crash and a heavy thump. It sounds like it came from the upper floor and the dust falling down confirms it, the walls are not as sturdy as I taught. Continuing down the hallway the dust never stopped falling, it seems to be heavier the closer I get to the lobby, once there it stopped. The eastern wing fared worse than the west. Most of the rooms are either decorated with debris or depressingly empty. The same goes for the kitchen, the wooden floor is crushed beyond repair and the cabinets crashed down some months ago if I would guess. But lodged in a corner there is my target, the door leading to the basement.

The sound it makes as I open it cut deeply in my ears. Describing the hinges as rusted is an understatement. The basement is dark, an obstructing veil covering the treasures which lies inside. If I were in a cartoon a bat would fly out now. I brave the darkness, the creaking stairway signaling any blind creature of my arrival. Two thirds of the way down my eyes fails me, no light no sight I say sighing. I take out my phone from my back pocket and turn on the flashlight. Crates and barrels, everything an old mansion basement needs to house vermin. Not what I am looking for, it should be around…There. An old-fashioned hunting rifle, perfect for self-defense, hangs on the wall. I lift it off the hooks and open the barrel. One bullet rested in it. Not that I am planning to use it, just want to scare off any potential squatters out for my liver. Hell don’t even know if it works and they will neither. After my amateurish inspection came a sudden bang that made me jump. I managed to drop my phone and break the light on the back. It must have been the door; the draft could have made it drop. I pick up my broken phone and trace back my steps to find the stairs. My feet bump into something which I guess is the stairs. I hold my right hand against the wall to balance myself while I calmly look for the next step. The creaks are now my savior, a sign of my progress. Almost at the top of the climb I got stuck, it feels as if something is grabbing my left foot. No matter how I move it the pressure around my ankle remains. With a hard pull, and a ripping noise, I freed myself. I feel my head bump into something, the doors. With my free right hand, I push them open and escape from the darkness. For some reason my foot feels weird. Now able to see, I turn to look at it. The cuff was shredded along with some fifteen centimeters up the leg, underneath that I am bleeding. Whatever I got stuck on really made me work to escape it.

I think I am as prepared as I am going to get, now to find the least flea ridden bed. I am not staying up all night. The west wing had no bedrooms and if the east wing had one then it is long gone, the second floor should have one. Just wish I had some bandages. This is starting to feel weird, don’t like seeing the outcome of my beating hearth.

Upstairs there is only two rooms that I can rest in. The master bedroom or a smaller one. They are both bad but at least they have a frame I can sleep on. The small one smells like death and is incredibly cold. The master bedroom is the one with the drapes and I felt watched in it. Then again, the moment I left the kitchen I felt watched. There was always a noise behind me. No, I am just tired. Brain’s playing tricks on me. I am already here so master bedroom it is.   

This is not working I think as I move to yet another position, stretching the moth eaten covers along of for the ride. It should have been some hours now, maybe three. I doze off for a minute and then I just get back up. This is going to screw up my sleep cycle. I entered deep sleep during new year’s, this should not be a problem. I trash about some more, brushed up against the rifle just to make sure it was there. That’s it I am thinking too much. Just need to relax and stop everything. I focus on my breathing, the slow rise and fall of my chest. I feel my lungs filling until they can take no more and breath out. A low growl rumbles throughout my body, relaxing my tense muscles. Wait, that’s not me.

My eyes shot open. A slender shadow hangs over edge of the bed; black shinning beads stare intently at me. It put its weight on the bed and moved slowly towards me. The wind moved the drapes, cursing the bedroom with moonlight. The beast is tall, longer than the bed is, and is covered in long brown fur. It has a flat nose on top of a long snout, two sharp teeth jut out its upper jaw. Two ears extend out the beast’s head, sharp at the top but rounder the closer they get to the head. Paralyzed, I let it continue the climb and trap me between its arms. Along the underside there was layers of folded leather that ended underneath the creature’s pecs. Pecs? Underneath that fur there are toned muscles, and by the looks of it they are solid. Fucking hell, it is a vampire. The things that go bump in the night actually exists.

The vampire leans forward and opens its jaws. Beside the two front teeth there is a row of smaller canines on both the lower and upper jaw. Out of its vile mouth comes a thin tongue. It presses its tongue against my neck and slowly drags it up, leaving a wet trail from the neck up to my chin. No, this is bad. I struggle to reach the rifle as the bat inched ever closer to my throat. With a little force, I grab the gun and aim to the best of my ability. I pull the trigger when it only had to go ten more centimeters. The vampire jumps back with a deafening screech and presses their hand against its bleeding stomach. Every fiber in my body tells me to run and I feel no need to argue. Roars and clawed feet against the floor is all I hear as I run out the room.

Run, that’s all I can do. Just run. Maybe it will get tired, it was in the bedroom after all. As I run to the stairs a sudden pain surges from my back and I fall to the floor. In front of me is the bat. I try to get up but it grabs me by the neck and pushes me onto the wall. I hang on the wall the powerful hand keeping me place. It doesn’t crush me but it gets harder to breathe. It is noticeably angry, a deep frown stuck on its forehead accompanied with a grin. Something brushes against my leg and I look down curiously. Down there is a pulsing, dripping cock steadily rising as blood pumps into it. Underneath the rising tower is two fuzzy orbs which seems larger than what they should be. Yup, definitely a guy. With each life bringing pump it got bigger, harder, longer. He’s planning on putting that in me, its wider than my forearm and at least twenty centimeters. With fear as my motivator, I grabbed his arm and tried to gain some footing. The struggle seems to please him as he goes in for another lick now across my cheek. He stops at my mouth and presses himself into me. I open my mouth to scream and he takes the opportunity to envelop my head in his maw and kiss me. He explores my mouth forcefully, his tongue shoving mine out the way and entering my gullet. I can’t tell whether it is the fear or the kiss but my own dick is coming to life, eager to play along. With his other hand he tears open a hole by my ass and greedily kneads my clothed butt. No matter how hard I try to prevent it, a muffled moan escapes me as he manhandles me.

I get weaker the longer the kiss goes. No air goes into my lungs, if anything gets in there it’s his spit. I can no longer hold onto his arm and they go limp. He fumbles a bit as he now supported my weight fully. He notices my state of mind and let’s go of my neck. With both hands on my cheeks he plunges his cock into my revealed ass, splitting my insides and hitting my prostate. I let out a muffled scream as he continues to shove his dick into my tight hole, too tight to get any further. He lets out a frustrated groan before getting an idea.

(TF part)

He stops kissing me allowing me to breath, if only for a moment. He showed a, what would be, assuring smile as I slowly gathered myself and in one quick move he bit my neck. The pain is absurd, it is burning cold deep in my chest and I feel a shock flowing through me. He stopped as quickly as he bit me and letting the blood pour out of the two wounds on my neck. It feels like I am suffocating, the smell of iron is getting clearer as the blood flow slows down to a trickle. A second’s respite is all I get as the electricity grows in power.

The cold moves to my head as it turns to a headache. It is powerful, the most painful headache I have ever had, and it is stuck behind my eyes. I start to feel something pour out the sides of my mouth, flicking my tongue over it tastes like blood. I stick it out to see only for it to extend farther than before. I let out a surprised sound as my vision went dark and came back in an instant. I can now see the vampire in front of me better, brown fur and blue eyes greets me, for some reason I would describe him as handsome. The changes continued in greater scale. My jaw hurt as it stretched further away from me, following along was my nose which got flatter and flatter as it continued. He tried to calm me down by licking and kissing the sides of my forming snout, but that does not help with the pain. Blood ran down my head as my ears popped and grew to a similar shape as the ones before me only these remained sharp. I can hear my own and his hearth beating, weird.

He kept on trying to comfort me, licking the blood that dribbled out from my sharp ears and down to my neck. I hope this was the worst part. I can’t show myself again, my heads look like one of those bad mid transformation masks you see in budget Halloween stores. He looked up, no trace of blood left on my face and neck, and tried to give me what looks like a comforting smile. The only thing that smile tells me is that it’s not over yet. 

Next on the list was my legs. They twisted and cracked as they grew longer and reoriented my joints, leaving shreds of my pants on the floor. I could now reach the floor. If I was allowed to stand I would be hunched over like a velociraptor. Compared to my legs the feet got it easy. Some skin tearing as they grew and claws sprouted from my toes but not as painful. My hips got wider to support my new stance. This seemed to be what he was looking for. He started to thrust once more, grunting with each thrust. After a couple of tries he hit’s deeper than before, clearly he’s making progress. Each pump makes my hole looser as he manages to force in more of his dick. The pre he spurts out helps a bit. Once he hilts inside he shivers, obviously enjoying himself. I can make out an outline of his member through my lower gut, wonder what will happen if flick at it. A pained yelp is my answer as he shots me daggers for my curiosity. 

His humps shorten and slows in his contentment, each one grinding against my prostate, adding to the shock that is dying down. Every throb sends a jolt up my spine as it lengthens, adding to my already extreme growth spurt. One of his hands left my ass to grope my back and brush against my straining spine. An uncomfortable pain started to press against my sides and arms. It continued to build, no matter how good I felt before couldn’t replace the agonizing sensation that forced itself out of my arms. One, two, three, four. Four “fingers” pushed themselves out of my arms, a cascade of blood followed each one as my skin tore further up my arms. Between each was a thin, very sensitive membrane that ended right above my belly. Did not know that much could fit in there.

It was finally over. If someone could see me now I would probably look like him, except for some small differences and the lack of fur. On cue my nerves lit up again, feels like I am being pricked with a thousand needles. Orange patches of fur started to grow one me. The vampire started to pull out more with each thrust and put more force into them. Soon enough, he had picked up a great deal of speed, flesh slapping against newly formed fur. I started to moan as he milked my prostate for all its worth. Pre flowed liberally out of my shaft and stained my, now, fuzzy balls, wait did they get bigger. No time to think about it he lounged forward and tried to pry my lips open. Not one to walk down from a challenge, I opened my jaw, my newly formed teeth shining, and took the initiative. It is awkward to say the least; I have to tilt my head to even meet him. I put my hands and wings around his neck as the kiss continues, leaving them to explore his body. As I suspected, underneath that fluffy brown fur are muscles, hard not from training but from survival. I pet and grope everywhere I can reach, his back, his neck and his round ass. He shouldn’t be the only one to work. He stopped everything once I rubbed a spot behind his ears. I scratched that spot again, a little harder this time. A mewl escaped him as his tongue lolled out and buried his face in my chest. Seems he has a weakness. If I only could see his eyes the bat in front of me would be the angriest creature on the planet but the raised fur and shaky smile shows his embarrassment, how cute. I laugh for a moment; the big bad vampire loves his scratches. As punishment he bit into my neck, not puncturing the skin, and redoubled his effort. My laugh turned into a scream of pleasure as he hit my prostrate time and time again. The bastard almost made me bite my tongue. The fucker even smiles, well two can play that game. I get more aggressive in my groping, leaving no place untouched, and lock my legs around him. I take my time, slowly licking and teasing his ears and weak spot as our body rock to his rhythm. Getting close. He’s getting sloppy, probably close himself.

One deep growl rumbled through his throat as he hilted with all his might once more and came. The first hot, sticky wave triggered my own orgasm. Seems I will match him as the first couple of string hit his chin. His trance broken, we rode out our orgasm as long as we could, kissing each other and him rocking his prick back and forth milking the last bit out of him. A flood of exhaustion came over me. Having the best sex of my life and transforming might take a bit from you. I dozed off, my head falling on the vampire’s neck.

I wake up in the master bedroom. My body aches from what happened before, not to mention my ass hurts a lot. Warily, I force myself to sit up as every muscle in my body object to my decision. I delicately inspect the new me. So, this is what I am now, a freaky vampire bat thing. I twist my torso trying to get a better look of my wings. How do they work? They seem rested so, how do I extend. In my efforts to do something with the wings a hand came from the corner of my eye and drowsily pulled me down. The brown vampire lays beside me and tries to hug me for warmth, he is intent on making me the little spoon even though I am probably thirty centimeters taller than him now. I try to escape him but my body finally gives up. He nuzzles up in my neck, takes a deep whiff and relaxes again. He better fucking show me how this works I think as I fall asleep again.

(Non TF part)

His eyes shine in the apparent brilliance of his idea. Whatever he came up with will not end well for me. He pulled his dick out with a wet pop, leaving my hole slightly gaping from the intrusion. He pulled his tongue out of my gullet and trailed it down my neck, licking the sweat and fear off my body. When he got to the neck of my shirt he gently bit on the end and ripped it in half with one flowing motion. Not happy with the destruction of my favorite shirt, he teared the rest of my pants and underwear from my body. What was once a shirt he remade into a make shift vest and the pants, well I can’t recognize them anymore. I feel like a cheap hooker stuck in the dead of night, that last part is true anyway. The vampire tried to whistle, an attempt to make me feel good, but the shape of his mouth made it impossible. 

Unceremoniously, he dropped me down to the floor with a loud thud. I look up to see the looming shadow from before, yeah he is still scary no matter how delusional I get. He bent his body down and continued his tasting. I hear hums of joy the lower he goes down my chest. I try to stop him by grabbing his head but his determination is far greater than my strength, if anything he takes it as encouragement to keep going. His tongue snaked down further and further until he was above my crotch. He opened his maw with ceremoniously and hovered over my painfully hard cock only breathing on it, teasing the warmth of his mouth. After five long, dramatic breaths I had enough. I rubbed behind his ears and pushed his head in an attempt to goad him into sucking the leaking faucet he had created. He playfully pushed back but eventually I “overpowered” him and he shut his mouth around all my length. The wet mouth, the swirling tongue exploring every millimeter, the sweet, sweet pressure has he gently sucked. I can cum now but let’s try to stay in the game a while longer.

I can easily say that the pleasure I feel hurts good, so goddamn good. He bobbed his head up and down, covering it in his spit, when he reached the bottom he snaked his tongue out to lick the orbs he held so gently in his hand. If I was not already on the floor, I would have fallen a good thirty seconds into this. My legs feel like jelly. I lost count how many compliments I given him at this point, think I were up to my fifth slurred “good job”. Just as I feel the pressure building in me he released my dick from his maw, a string of saliva still connecting them. The bat started to leave kisses down my shaft, small pecks of affection as he savored my short jagged breaths. When he reached the bridge between my sack and cock he stopped and pressed his nose into it, taking deep, happy breaths. 

Once he was satisfied, he creeps up from my crotch and when our eyes meet I feel a force on my chest. He pushes me down so I lay along the floor. His hips hover over my pelvis as the eyes filled with lust turned into hunger. I get scared again and try to flee but he puts his knees on the floor and I feel his weight press down on my stomach. I try to shake myself free from his lock but to no success, yeah I’m not getting out of this. He chuckles at my attempt, my feeble, pathetic attempt, but moves back a bit with a lecherous smile stuck on his snout. A sense of relief wash over me as the uncomfortable pressure moves away from my gut. Something gripped my shaft by the base, hard, stopping the copious flood of pre. I look up to see one of the bat’s arms reach behind him, the probable source of the grip, as he moves his body up and takes aim. I do not get even a second to register what’s happening as he drops down, impaling himself on my hard wooden stake. Even with the difference in size, and the liberal amount of spit and pre coating it, he could only take about half in one go. The warm, absurdly tight hole hugged my cock, massaging the overly sensitive shaft. Every pulse coaxes out more pre, helping his next attempt. And that attempt would be soon. I can see his hunger spread from his eyes into the rest of his body, quivering in anticipation of devouring me whole. I put my hands on his hips as a signal to continue. Not that anything I say matters in this situation, if he wanted to suck me dry I could not stop him. He pulled himself up slowly, teasing both of us in the process, and slams down once more. I meet his hips with a thrust of my own, a loud clap echoes through the halls as I hilt inside him. I hear a surprised yelp from above, apparently he did not expect that if his twitching legs and rolled back eyes are to be trusted. 

A minute passed in silence as he got used to my length, the subtle grinding of his hips showing his impatience. I try my best to encourage him, stroking his thighs and ass. Not going to lie, I am getting frustrated right now. The feeling of being inside his soft, warm hole is heavenly and seeing him leak as a faucet is a good ego boost, but it’s not enough. I need him to rise and down on my dick. I need to make him whimper and moan as I thrust hard into him. I need to paint his guts white. In short, being so close to cumming twice in one night is not good for my patience. He placed his hands on my chest and raised his hips up so that only my cockhead was inside, with a confident smile on his face he crashed down. Barely a second inside and he was up again. At the tempo he is going it seems he likes this as much as I do, as if the moan he failed to stop is not enough. He rides me with passion, our grunts of pleasure joining in the rhythm of flesh meeting flesh. His own dick slapped against my stomach, splashing the pooled up pre in all directions. With nothing better to do, I grab the pre covered shaft, my fingers unable to wrap around the whole thing, and started to squeeze and pump the rigid tool. He stopped breathing as I reached the tip and kneaded the slick head. In fact, he stopped altogether, let’s have some fun. With a grin on my face I start to thrust into the loosened hole, trying to find his button. He barely holding himself together, arms shaking and louder moans that come with every thrust. I stroke his cock in tandem to my thrust, my hand and chest is now covered in his sexual fluids. I accidentally hit his prostate and all hell brakes loose. With a roar he clamps down hard and forces himself down, bottoming out in the process. His shaft pulsed hard as the first ropes shot out of it, hitting the wall on the other side. Already on the brink myself I moan and release what feels like two weeks’ worth of cum deep inside him. As mine died down his continued. Twenty seconds, I am terrified to think he planned to put all of that in me. 

Still shaking after his orgasm, he leaned down and licked his seed of my face. I tried to move but he did not have the energy left in him and collapsed on top of me. It feels like I got punched in the gut as I had his whole weight on me, covering me in his brown fur. At least it’s warm in here. I search for the trashed remains of my pants hoping my phone was still intact. I find the brick of modern technology and turn it on. Four A.M, could be worse. I only have to hours left until my punishment is over. I may as well try to sleep for those. But I would not really call it a punishment, I had a great time except for the terrifying first encounter. A loud snore took my attention away from the phone. I am greeted by a peaceful monster, satisfaction plastered across his face. I stroke his back and think that I wouldn’t mind doing this again if he doesn’t try to scare me again.