Family Tradition VIII: Insomnia - by IQBear

It was the middle of the night and Grunt couldn't sleep. His raging hard-on kept him awake. He could have just jerked off but then he had a better idea. He put some clothes on and walked to the habitat where they had been keeping a certain towering dark gray beast. Grunt set the enclosure's VI to soundproof. Nobody had to hear what he was about to do. He stripped down again and entered the compound.

He slowly began petting the Yahg until the snoring creature woke up and watched him with surprise clearly written in its eight eyes.

"Hey, big guy. Wanna have some fun? I sure do."

Having the Yahg suck on him was sadly impossible. Too many teeth. But he wanted to try something and held his engorged length in front of its mouth. The creature seemed to understand what he wanted and extended his big tongue. It started licking and lapping at the angular tip of the Krogan's fat manmeat. Soon the pup seemed to really get into it, eagerly slobbering at his girthy member. Obviously it liked the taste of his copious precum and his cock happily provided it with a continuous flow. Grunt kept slowly jacking the rest of his dick which the creature's slimy tongue couldn't reach. Soon he'd drown the eager 'little' kid with gallons of his seed but until then he'd relish the greedy tongue-job it gave him. Grunt roared as eight eyes looked in confusion until the first blast of his hot cum hit the critter's tongue. It swallowed it and seemed to like the taste. It opened its mouth again only to have it filled by the next spurts of juice bursting from the Krogan's penis. Soon the Yahg gargled and coughed but still continued slurping down the Krogan's load. Then Grunt's climax finally slowed down to a trickle while the brute kept licking his oversensitive cock. He had to pull himself away and patted its head.

"Attaboy, you're a really good one", Grunt said as he let the twisted horns atop of its head run through his fingers. "Yeah, gonna give you a big treat."

Then he had a spontaneous idea. Before the Yahg could retract its tongue he opened his mouth and engulfed it with it. The pup at first didn't seem to know what to make of this until Grunt started running his own tongue over the beast's much bigger one. Soon the Yahg's appendage started exploring his oral cavern while his own got to know the slimy texture of this big intruder. The Krogan still could taste his own juice on the tongue. The creature pushed its tongue even deeper and soon it was almost deepthroating Grunt with it. At first that felt weird then after a while he grew to like it. But as much as he loved this first inexperienced kiss he had to end it because he wanted to focus his attention on a part of the Yahg's body that was situated somewhere a bit lower.

"Gonna get your treat now, lil' fella."

He let his tongue follow the fat throbbing veins that crisscrossed the Yahg's mighty meat. Some of them ran up, his tongue did too. Some lead downwards, he left a slight trail of spittle along them. Some went right, he traced their path with kisses. Some went left, he sucked at them. He nibbled on the fin-like protrusions that seemed to have been placed on the dark grey cock without any real pattern and found out that they were hard-wired to the Yahg's pleasure centre. Each time he played with one of them the beast approved of it by crying out deep, loud sounds. He stuck his tongue inside the gaping piss-slit that was formed of three crescents arranged into a triangular shape, just like the creature's mouth. The opening was big enough to be entered, at least to some extent, so his pointy tongue enjoyed the taste and texture and the feelings this brought along. The feral pup just loved it. Copious spurts of pre, more than lesser creature's whole loads, sprayed his tongue, his lips and his face in irregular intervals.

He loved feeling the difference between the rougher, more leathery skin of the Yahg's sheath, hardened by daily exposure to wind and weather, and the softer pulsating flesh of his penis. And those balls. Those humongous grey low-hangers that constantly swung back and forth between the creature's tree-trunk legs as it pushed his hips back and forth. He liked to lift them, feel their heavy weight, their sheer heft in his hands. That musky scent, that pure male essence. So overpowering that it almost hypnotized him with promises of sexual prowess.

He still couldn't believe that this Yahg was still a pup. A kid, a child. And yet it had the biggest set of cock and balls the Krogan had ever seen. He almost didn't dare to imagine that they might even increase in size as the creature grew older. You could already drown someone in the loads the Yahg shot. And it wasn't just done with one. It could go two or three times easily before it needed to rest.

After quite a long time he heard the creature roar as it was hit by its orgasm. He swallowed the first tasty shots of cum but it was just too much to even try to take it all so just held the Yahg's cock and let its hot seed cover his body until the force of its blasts diminished and it eventually stopped.

"That was treat number one. Ready for treat number two?"

Fucking the Yahg was something special. Giving pleasure to such an enormous yet still not fully grown-up creature just felt really good. It didn't really understand what he was doing but it was very eager to cooperate anyway because it obviously liked it very much.

He could easily insert his whole tongue into the creature's rosebud. It could easily take him without preparation but he had just grown to love doing this. The Yahg's musky, manly taste was simply everywhere. He licked at its hole, nibbled at its cheek. Becoming adventurous he even softly bit them. The creature winced a bit at first but it let him continue, so he did. He ate its backside for all it was worth.

Grunt fucked the creature hard. Really, really hard. The Yahg was big enough to take him, to withstand the full force of an extremely horny male Krogan giving his hole everything. He wanted to pound the dark grey creature into oblivion, he wouldn't stop at anything less. His thrusts were powerful, brutal. Any other alien wouldn't be able to withstand such a rough treatment but the Yahg just seemed to love it. He kept pulling his cock out and pushing its full fat, barbed length back in again. He made sure the creature could feel all of him. And he had lots to offer.

Soon he felt the creature cum, heard it cry out its second orgasm as he felt its anal tunnel tighten around his chunky dick. But he kept going. And going. Putting even more force, all of his Krogan energy into his thrusts. He relentlessly battered, mercilessly assaulted its hole for an eternity, his own four balls constantly slapping the Yahg's even bigger pair. Until Grunt heard the creature bellow for a third time and finally gave in to his own second release. Soon the Krogan lay atop the Yahg, both drenched in cum, completely spent from hours of hard and heavy fucking.

As soon as he could move again Grunt left the slumbering beast but activated the VI's cleaning protocol and then made his way to the showers. "A few weeks ago I was a scared virgin, now I'm fucking beasts", he said to himself. "Well, why not, as long as it's fun. Hehehe.” The Krogan laughed as hot water washed away the stains of his encounter with the Yahg.