Guys, does anyone listen to lofi livestreams, you know the "lofi hip hop radio" type livestreams where it's just music with a looping gif of a character doing menial stuff like homework or simply chilling. That shit was my jam back then, at least until i found one specific channel, i think the livestream was called "Lofi hills - Sonic remixes to relax/dance to". I found that livestream pretty deep in my recommended, and the view count was extremely low the channel was named something simple "Funk.wav". When I opened the livestream, i saw a beautiful vaporwave landscape with windows 98 pop ups on the screen showing the songs names and lengths, on the left of the screen a character that looked like sonic with a vaporwave aesthetic was simply vibing away on a synthesizer, The guy behind the channel really knew how to set an ambiance (even with the weird deviantart sonic oc). And I haven't even talked about the music, my god the music, it was as said on the title, original remixes of various music from the sonic games, when i opened the stream, it was currently playing a remix of aquatic ruin zone from Sonic The Hedgehog 2 and was called "Ocean of history zone", the remix was good, very good, to say i was hooked on the first second would be an understatement, i listened to this livestream for hours alongside the other 24 viewers, just vibing away at the music playing, i couldn't help myself to dance to it, not heavy dancing but simply move my arms in a slow wave like motion. Listening to this livestream was like all my worries in life fading away, all of my needs taken care of, because all i needed when on this livestream was just listening to more of the songs, see what other remixes the guy had in store, and boy, did he deliver on the remixes! It's like he had an infinite number of remixes, all better than the previous ones, like he making them as the stream goes. This whole experience was a trip, and other viewers seemed to agree since while i was watching i only ever saw the number of viewers go up, never down. Peaking at 37 viewers when my sister broke down my door and unplugged my computer. when the music stopped, I fell on the ground, i couldn't feel my legs or arms, i was so thirsty and tired that I shortly passed out. I woke up in on an hospital bed a few days later, hooked on a feeding tube and other vital supports, my sister, told me that my neighbors didn't see me for three weeks and that she tried to contact me for days. I was too busy dancing and vibing i didn't eat, didn't drink, didn't even sleep. When she found me, i was like a moving corpse, since i never stood up in that entire time, the circulation in my legs got cut and since i was to busy vibing to got to the toilet, piss and shit was just dribbling of my chair and immobile legs, naturally, gangrene started to spread from my feet, the doctors told me that i needed immediate amputation of both legs if i wanted a chance to survive. My hands weren't intact either, since i spent all the time with my arms up, the muscles in my shoulders atrophied, meaning i couldn't put my arms down normally anymore unless i took extensive surgeries, but even then, i wouldn't be able to use them anymore, unless i amputate and get it replace with a pricey prosthetic. I couldn't believe it honestly, that my whole life could go so bad in such short fashion. when i was finally able to leave the hospital (I'm European, thank god me and my sister didn't have to pay for most of my care). i quickly went to check on that funk.wav channel, only to see that it got deleted. thankfully, i was able to find an analytic website where i could find more info on the channel, I was surprised to learn that the stream and the channel got taken shortly after i left it. One thing that shocked me was the length of the livestream : 43159:46:03 was the length, which would mean the stream was rolling for a little over 5 years. Now i don't know how many of the first 24 viewers were alive when i joined, but, if anyone here was part of the 12 people who joined after me and survived, please tell me if you saved any of the guy's music. I want to listen to his tunes again, i want to vibe, i want to dance, dance till my worries goes away, dance till my muscles erodes, dance till my heart go out, dance till my skin cracks, dance till my soul fade away. i just want to dance.