Sachail

The Sachail are a species native to the moon Kobos; one of five bodies orbiting the gas giant Kurus, located within the star system of the same name. Kobos sports a diameter of 8101 ULU (4985 km/3098 miles), making it comparable in size to the moon Titan located within the human Solar System. With its thin atmosphere, Kobos receives a much smaller amount of water than Earth, while allowing a larger amount of sunlight to hit the moon’s surface. As a result, Kobos is unable to support large oceans, with water pooling in lakes that dot the landscape. The rest of the dry, wind-swept moon is covered in deserts, dried mudflats, and the occasional mountain. It is here, in this inhospitable place, the Sachail initially called home. 

History

Given the harsh landscape of Kobos, early Sachail societies sprung up around the lakes dotting the landscape to ensure the inhabitants had enough water to support a growing population size. Given the vast distances separating these lakes, and the lack of large herding species to more easily support travel, interaction between these cultures was incredibly limited in early Sachail history. As such, these varying societies are believed to have developed a wide range of customs and traditions that diversified them from one another. 

One of these societies, the Ruq’u, proved quite successful in their localized area, and managed to quickly carve out control of the land surrounding their mother lake, Colloc. Like others at the time, the Ruq’u culture lived in isolation until their invention of the desert sail, or Kaarraak. These vessels utilized the heavy winds that cut across the landscape to quickly glide above the ground allowing for transport of goods and troops. Given that flexibility of these craft to travel across a variety of terrain, from cracked mud lakes, to sandy deserts, the Ruq’u were able to soon develop a range of travel previously only dreamed of. These Kaaraak were frequently used in battles of conquest, and when paired with ranged weapons such as slings allowed the Ruq’u to utilize hit-and-run tactics against their much less mobile enemies. With these new battlefield techniques, the Ruq’u proved extraordinary conquerors, and within a few generations had managed to gain control of nearly the entirety of Kobos, swallowing up peoples and cultures into their growing empire.

Unlike the Mongol empire of Old Earth, the small size of Kobos and meritocratically system of governance utilized by the Ruq’u meant administration of their domain was quite manageable. There was one peoples the Ruq’u were unable to conquer however; those being the Giev’oik who lived in the mountainous region Caarus in the southern hemisphere. The incredibly steep and hilly terrain of the landscape proved impassable even for the Kaaraak, and the extensive cave systems allowed Giev’oik troops to engage in brutal guerilla warfare. However, the small population of the Giew’oik, and inability to travel to the Ruq’u capital meant that these people were largely ignored, save for the occasional small skirmish that would spring up between the two powers. 

With their empire in place, the Ruq’u looked to consolidate and strengthen their power through several new laws, known as the Lol’ni Rulings. These sought to remove the influence of the old, while ensuring the structure of the present was held in place for all of time. This meant the clay tablet writings from the conquered peoples were destroyed, and retellings of their past histories heavily censored. The extent of this removal of the old was so complete that archeological work into non-Ruq’u culture is nearly impossible. Additionally, rules were established to halt the advancements of any new technologies. This was mainly done in fear new developments could usurp Ruq’u rule or lead to social unrest. Though there was certainly a great deal of initial turmoil at these new rulings, the centuries of peace and prosperity the Ruq’u ruled over meant that the society eventually settled and collectively moved on from the past hardships.

This relatively tranquil pre-industrial society faced its first real dilemma on stardate 75X-26.9L-47 when a Zuknein research vessel entered the Kurus system, and soon found intelligent life on Kobos. As this was prior to the S’flix Agreements regarding the treatments of lesser civilizations (motivated primarily on what occurred on Kobos), a research station was established on the surface of the planet. Sensing disruption, the Ruq’u amassed an army to fight these foreign invaders and were quickly dispersed by several of the station’s defensive drones which had not trouble tracking and firing upon the Kaarraak in motion. Sensing they had no hope against these strange creatures, the Ruq’u pulled their forces back from the station, and hoped they would simply be left alone. As the Zuknein surveys began to reach the rest of the galaxy, word of the moon quickly spread. Soon traders began making secret rendezvous, keen to exchange rare resources for weapons with the Giev’oik and rebel groups eager to break up the established Ruq’u order.

Culture

Today, Kobos is a moon in disarray. The ruling Ruq’u sought to keep order in the face of these outside influences but found their technologically conservative policies unable to compete. As a result, the moon is home to frequent conflict and unrest, with many powers constantly besieging the Ruq’u they deem to be oppressors. This has spurred many citizens to leave the planet, often moving to stations or refugee planets near the Kurus system. Many of those leaving have found it freeing to be apart from Ruq’u society and have been quick to take on the customs of their new homes. Those that do remain on the planet typically fall under one of two camps. Rebel forces are often quite friendly to outsiders and view them as positive forces who gifted them the ability to finally liberate themselves. Those still in support of the Ruq’u take on a much more xenophobic stance, deeming non-Sachail as evil beings who corrupted their peaceful way of life. 

It is my suggestion that curious travelers stay away from visiting Kobos, as the moon is quite dangerous both due to the frequent combat, and the prevalent violence against other species. The Sachail who one is likely to meet outside of Kobos are often not too willing to discuss their old ways of life and would rather focus on learning more about yours. As this is a guide to connecting with alien species, I will not extensively work to detail the often-condemned aspects of Ruq’u culture. For those that are interested however, I will recommend the writings of historian Al’ail, who manages to do a fantastic job detailing Ruq’u history.

General Biology

The Sachail are a bipedal species, sporting two legs and arms while standing at an average of 4.4 LLU (2.1 m/7 ft). Though their posture is comparable to a human, they utilize a digitigrade posture so common elsewhere in the galaxy. To protect themselves from the harsh Koboss sun Sachail bodies are covered in a hard chitinous exoskeleton with a softer carbon-based skin underneath. Unlike Earth insects, this exoskeleton can grow as the individual does, meaning there is no length annual molting process. Rather, sections of the lower skin will poke out during growth and form a hard-outer covering that connects with the existing exoskeleton layer. 

The Sachail head is rather smooth, with no external nasal or ear structures. While the species has no trouble hearing, they sport no real sense of smell. This can prove useful to humans who have trouble courting species with a much more selective scent preference. For sight, Sachail sport four eyes, completely black in color with no distinct iris or cornea. Their color vision is comparable to a human and are able to detect nearly the same range of colors as we can. The one exception being the color green. This is theorized to be the case as plant analogs on Kobos sport a deep reddish coloration. It is suggested then, that when first dating a Sachail one does not wear a primarily green outfit, as the intricacies of the shade will be lost on them. At first glance, one might be mistaken in believing that Sachail do not sport a mouth, as during conversation no clear mouth movements can be visible. Rather, it appears that the species has evolved in such a way that sound is conveyed through vocal cord vibrations that exit the mouth without needing to open it. Given that this sound is forced through a very tight slit covered by the upper jaw, Sachail speech tends to have a slight hiss to it, though some have taken the time to train themselves away from this tendency to sound more in line with species they interact with. Should you take a Sachail to a restaurant, their mouth becomes much more clearly defined, as it is their primary method of consumption. Generally, this is the only time they will open their mouth; very few Sachail are fans of open mouth kissing. Through it is possible, engaging in oral sex with a Sachail without the use of a mouth sheath is advised against, as the sharp beak like structure could very easily damage delicate skin. 

Reproduction and Sex with Humans

Sachail are a hermaphroditic species, sporting only one biological sex that would be most comparable to a human male. This is due to the fact that the species utilizes a penis that emerges from a protective outer covering located on the groin. Those who have bedded a Kahl should be familiar with this style of “slit” genetalia. Unlike a Kahl however, the Sachail slit serves a dual purpose as both a protective cover, and a receptacle for sperm. During sex, one Sachail will insert his penis into the sheath of the other and deposit his sperm at the base of the other’s shaft. This can be done whether their partners penis is still inside, or out of the slit, as the structure has evolved to swell and accommodate the girth of both pushed inside. 

Despite what one may expect with a hermaphroditic species, Sachail choose a distinct sperm depositor and sperm recipient during sex. More surprisingly, the one who receives the sperm is typically the larger of the two. As per Ruq’u customs, it is believed the stronger and larger of the bonding pair will be a better candidate to hold the offspring as it develops. Certain warlords in Raq’u history have even proven their strength and power to others by proudly displaying their swollen stomachs, mid pregnancy able to hold many offspring. To that extent, one should expect a large, domineering Sachail to take on a more power-bottom styled position during sex, eager to prove their vigor by handling one’s large girth and semen volume. On the other hand, should a Sachail be more submissive, or into fluid power-dynamics in the bedroom, then you should expect to be on the receiving end of their genitals. It is unclear if this custom arose in the Ruq’u and cemented itself due to the empire’s longevity, or if it is a standard across older Sachail cultures. Sadly, for historians, we may never know. 

At an average of 7.73 SLU (18.5 cm/7.3 inch) in length and 5.5 SLU (13.2 cm/5.2 inch) in circumference, the Sachail penis is not too much larger than a human’s though sizable enough to be a struggle for some. The shape of the Sachail penis is tapered in a conal shape, such that the tip is quite thin before flaring out towards the base. Sachail semen is safe for one to consume and tastes vaguely of mild curry seasoning. Likewise, human semen is safe for Sachail consumption with varying reports as to whether it is a flavor they generally enjoy. 
Many Sachail seem to have a sensitive spot at the back of their legs. It is unknown why, from a biological sense this would be the case, but to a fervent xenophile that should hardly matter. If you want your Sachail partner to go wild, stroking their thighs and legs proves a well-tested option. I can speak from experience that on one occasion, a rather reluctant Sachail partner was quick to pin me to the bed and have their way with me after simply brushing behind his knees. 

For those looking for “educational viewing material” on Sachail and human breeding habits, I would suggest the works of Droz'eik and Sean Hodges. The two are an interspecies couple who are active members in the pornography industry and are some of the best amateur self-producers of Sachail and human recorded sex. “Horny alien slut fucks his master hard” is particularly nice and is available for streaming on Galfax at the time of writing. Despite the somewhat crude title, features an extended scene of rather sweet and loving foreplay between the two. Don’t worry, the title doesn’t lie; there is still rougher action at play.