# Military Hare
This first week of military training was going to be rough, you just knew it. Having barely gotten your bag off the bus one of the senior officers barked orders at your entire lot of enlistees. Corralled with the other enlistments into a stuffy barracks, you're assigned a bed which you promptly stash your luggage under, though a chill runs up your spine as you stow your belongings.

Whipping your head up, an officer stands over you, glowering. With the quick glance you get at him, the albino hare stands about 5’9”, his cap and dark olive uniform spotless, juxtaposed against his snow white fur. His long ears hang down the back of his head, you think to yourself that he’d be pretty damn cute if he didn’t have such a sour look on his face. Only after staring for a few moments do you realise you're staring at your commanding officer, his decorations shimmering in the light. 

Offering you a sharp smirk, he quickly turns, walking to the head of the room, with a sharp clack of his shoes to the ground, he stares down the entire room of recruits. Clearing his throat, he addresses his audience, “Attention. You lot are all under me now and I’m only going to say this once, so listen up closely.” His voice cold, he scans up the line of soldiers, “If you follow my every word, you’ll be rewarded. Step out of line and you’ll get what’s coming to you. Now, at ease soldiers, dinner’s in 10.” His proud posture relaxes almost imperceptibly after those words, his piercing red eyes holding on you for a moment before his gaze moves on. 

With a swift heel turn, he marches out the door. You let out a breath, only now realising you’d been breathless since his appearance behind you. Running a hand through your hair, you collect yourself before making your way to the mess. Walking out the barracks you follow the path out to the main building on site, eager to get some grub into you, you line up with some others from your group. The one standing next to you nudges you before speaking up, "Howdy, name's Chet." The Doberman looks at you, his cheery demeanor betrayed by the concern in his eyes, "I'm one bed over from ya, saw the CO give you a mean look."
"Oh, I'm sure it's nothing."
"Maybe, just heard he's tough on newbies, wanted to make sure you were all good."

Before you've a chance to respond a helping of chili is piled into your bowl, sliding yourself into a seat, you eagerly gorge yourself on the piping hot bowl of food. Before long, Chet sits himself across from you, cheerily chatting with a few others who came in on the same bus. The small group offers to hang out during your spare time, but you promptly decline, still a little shaken up from your close encounter with hare-kind. Swallowing the last bite of your meal, you wave Chet goodbye as you walk out of the mess, heading back the the barracks early. 

Plopping yourself on top of your bed, you allow yourself a brief respite. Before long, the drill sergeant comes in, quickly giving a mail call, for all two people who’ve somehow got mail already. Following that he gives a short speech about responsibility, ordering all of you to make sure you do all that’s asked of you to the letter and no less. The moment he finishes, he slips out the door, leaving you around an hour of free time before lights out.

Reaching into your luggage, you fish out a pack of smokes and a lighter and head out once more. Before long, you manage to find a nice place to prop up and relax, a small bench a decent ways out from the hustle and bustle of the base, secluded by a yet untouched patch of trees. Popping out a cigarette, you light it up, taking a long drag as you lean back into the wooden seat. Looking up to the darkening sky above, you’re unable to stop yourself from wondering what the CO thinking when he stared at you… What was on his mind when he smirked at you, was it malicious or friendly?

Just as you lift your smoke to take another puff, a petite hand snags the item from your grip. “Small world huh soldier? Didn't expect to see you all the way out here.” A voice chimes from behind you. Snapping your head around to him, you catch the CO taking a draw of your cig, a smirk on his lips. As he exhales the smoke, he cheekily looks down at your flabbergasted expression. Before you’ve the chance to pipe up, he shushes you, a solitary finger on your lips. “Now now, cadet, don’t get yourself riled up, I just want to have a short chat about your place here.” He moves around to sit down next to you, handing what remains of the butt back. His crimson eyes bore into you as he stares, unwavering, nervously you take another drag of the cig as you look back at him. 

“You got here not too long ago right? Few hours or so?" He shifts slightly, you reply with a short nod as he crosses his legs, "Since you’re new there’s a few things you should know… Military life isn’t easy if you’re in it on your own, but lucky for you, you don’t have to be all alone here, hm?” His hand rests upon your thigh, slowly creeping inwards. “If you do a few things for me every so often, I’d be happy to make sure you get to spend your time enlisted as comfortable as can be.” You can tell where this is going, and loath you are to admit it, this jackrabbit is pushing all the right buttons.

His slender fingers brush against your stiffening package, biting his lip, he leans into you. “Well, it seems we’re both on the same page, cadet.” Despite his soft tone, he still sounds distinctly authoritative, as though going against his orders isn’t an option. He glances around cautiously before turning his fiery gaze back to you. His expectant eyes trained on your own, “How about we give you a test run.” He utters as his paws dexterously undo his uniform, exposing his fluffy white midriff and underwear. Shocked by his sudden disrobing, you sit in awe staring at his form, his slim yet toned body evident even through his silky fur, he slips his form fitting briefs off and neatly folds them alongside his pants, setting them aside before he lays you flat on the bench. The lapin's grip catching you off-guard with his surprising strength you're unable to resist him, as you lay, your superior quietly whispers to you, “Now cadet, deep breath.”

Sooner than you can understand what’s going on, the hare plants his sizeable rear end onto you, your lips right against his eager hole. Desperately reaching your hands up, you grasp at his sides, only eliciting him a chuckle and a harsher push onto your face, “Come now, use your tongue recruit.” After a brief pause, you relent, kissing his asshole briefly before letting your tongue loose. Trailing a circle around his puckered rear, you slowly grow ever closer to diving into his confines. Upon reaching the center, he moves above you, his soft moans betraying his enjoyment of your work. You dive in, spreading his tight rear with your muscle every push forcing another moan from between his lips. Massaging his insides with every movement, you diligently explore his hole. 

Shifting over you, he leans down towards your own privates, deftly undoing your pants he wraps a hand around your now stiffened cock. Lethargically he begins to stroke you in time with your ministrations. His slender furred hands tightening their grip as he lowers and growing loose as he rises, teasing at your tip for a moment before continuing the motion back down. Without warning you force yourself deeper into him, eliciting a particularly cute moan and a sudden stop in his own work. In response he decides to reward you by leaning into your manhood, offering up a sloppy kiss, lapping up your pre with glee, his tongue spiraling around the tip and carefully trailing over every inch. As he gets more into taking care of your cock, he leans up, forcing you to move with him to continue your work on his behind. With a free hand, you decide to reach around to your companion’s front end and offer some attention to his own rod.

As your hand slithers up against the lapin’s pride, you eagerly wrap around it’s surprising length, easily matching your own size. The hare lets out a load moan, his free hand darting to yours as you begin to offer attention to his needy cock, copious pre dripping out and wetting your shirt. As the two of you enjoy each other, the hare begins to pick up the pace, leaning into your dick, he wraps his lips around you and buries you inside of him. With the sudden offer of a warm, wet hole, you can’t help but burst, as you press your face deep into your commanding officer’s ass, you unleash a torrent of cum into his mouth. In kind, his length spasms as he cums eagerly onto your already stained shirt, painting it white. For a few moments you feel as though you’re in heaven, his immaculate rear against you as his mouth is wrapped around you. As your orgasm tapers, he slowly dislodges himself from your phallus, pulling his rear off of your face you finally catch a breath of fresh air.

The jackrabbit stands next to the bench, stark naked besides his cap and boots, his manhood still dripping with his seed. He looks back to you, a smile on his usually stern face, “I’ve seen to it you’ll get a new shirt rookie, good job on your first mission.” He leans into you, his hand guiding you into a soft peck on the lips, his hushed voice letting out one last remark “Let’s make this a regular thing. you'd like that, wouldn't you?” His hand brushes against you as he stands up, wiping himself off, he dresses again, his spotless uniform somehow more attractive now that you’ve seen him naked. He hands you a spare shirt, perhaps a size too small, but it’ll do. With a salute and a cheeky wink, the hare marches back towards the center of base.

Maybe military life won’t be as bad as you’d thought.