# Military Hare
The first week of military training was going to be rough, you just knew it. You’d barely gotten your bag off the bus before you had orders barked at you. You were corralled with the other enlistments into a stuffy barracks. After throwing your bag under your bed, a chill runs up your spine.

As you whip your head up, the commanding officer stands over you, glowering. With the quick glance you get at him, the albino hare stands about 5’9”, his cap and dark olive uniform spotless, juxtaposing his snow white fur. His long ears hanging down the back of his head, he’d be pretty damn cute if he didn’t have such a sour look on his face.

With a sharp smirk he quickly turns, walking to the head of the room, with a sharp clack of his shoes to the ground, he stares down the entire room of recruits. “Attention. You are all in with me now, I’m only going to say this once, so listen up closely.” His voice cold, he scans up the line of soldiers, “If you follow my every word, you’ll be rewarded. Step out of line and you’ll get what’s coming to you. Now, at ease soldiers, dinner’s in 10.” His proud posture relaxes slightly at those words, his piercing red eyes holding on you for a moment before his gaze moves on. 

With a swift heel turn, he marches out the door. You let out a breath, only now realising you’d been holding it since he appeared behind you. Running a hand through your hair, you decide to make your way to the mess. A helping of chili is piled into your bowl and you set yourself down on a table with a two others, the man across from you offering a greeting. 
“Howdy, I’m Chet, nice to meet you.”
“Hey, it’s nice to meet you too!” You reply cheerily.
“Saw you get that look from the CO, you alright man? Heard he’s real tough on newbies from some of the vets of this joint”
“I’m sure it’s nothing I can’t handle.”
“Well, alrighty then bud, if you say so!” He laughs as he shovels an spoonful into his mouth. You happily join him and stuff yourself with the piping hot chili. Before long your bowl is empty and your belly full, you head back to the barracks.

Plopping yourself on top of your bed, you lie in wait. Before long, the drill sergeant comes in, quickly giving a mail call, for all two people who’ve got mail already. After that he gives a short speech about responsibility, telling all of you to make sure you do all that’s asked of you. The moment he finishes, he slips out the door, leaving you around an hour before lights out.

Reaching into your luggage, you fish out a pack of smokes and a lighter, heading out. You manage to find a nice place to prop up and relax, a small bench a decent walk out from the hustle and bustle of the base. Popping out a cigarette, you light it up, taking a long drag as you lay back. Looking up to the darkening sky above, you’re unable to stop yourself from wondering, what was the CO thinking when he stared at you… What was that smirk about.

Just as you ready yourself to take another puff, a petit hand snags the smoke from your grip. “Well, look who I’ve run into again.” The CO says cheekily from behind you. Snapping your head around to him, you catch him taking a draw of your cig, a smirk on his lips. As he exhales the smoke, he cheekily looks down at you, shushing you before you’ve the chance to pipe up. “Now now, don’t get yourself riled up, I just want to chat.” He moves around to sit down next to you, handing what remains of the butt back. His crimson eyes bore into you as he stares, nervously you take another drag of the cig. 

“You got here not too long ago right? Few hours or so? Since you’re new there’s a few things you should know… Military life isn’t easy if you’re in it on your own, but luckily for you, you don’t have to be all alone here hm?” His hand rests upon your thigh, slowly creeping inwards. “Now if you do a few things for me every so often, I’d be happy to make sure you get to spend your time with us as comfortable as can be.” You can tell where this is going, and loath you are to admit it, this hare is pushing all the right buttons.

His slender fingers brush against your stiffening package, biting his lip, he leans into you. “Well, it seems we’re both on the same page, cadet.” Despite his soft tone, he still sounds distinctly authoritative, as though going against isn’t an option. He glances around, making sure that nobody is near, before pushing you onto your back. “How about we give you a test run.” His paws dexterously undo his uniform, exposing his pure white midriff and underwear. His slim yet toned body evident even under the fur, he neatly folds his pants, setting them aside. “Now cadet, deep breath.”

Before you can realise what’s going on, the hare plants his sizeable rear end onto you, your lips right against his eager hole. Reaching your hands up, you grasp at his sides, while he grinds into you further, “Come now, use your tongue.” After a brief pause, you relent, kissing his asshole before letting your tongue loose. Trailing the circle around his puckered rear, you slowly grow ever closer to diving into his confines. As you reach the center, he moves above you, obviously enjoying himself he moans softly, you dive in, spreading his tight rear with your muscle every push forcing another out. Massaging his insides with every movement, you diligently explore him. 

Shifting over you, he leans towards your own privates, deftly undoing your pants he wraps a hand around your now stiff cock. Lazily he begins to stroke you in time with your ministrations. Suddenly you force yourself deeper into him, eliciting a particularly cute moan, he clearly chooses to reward you by leaning into your manhood and offering it a sloppy kiss, licking up your pre with glee. As he gets more into taking care of your cock, he leans up, forcing you to move with him to continue your ass eating. With a free hand, you decide to reach around to your companion’s front end and offer some attention to his own manhood.

As your hand slithers up against the lapin’s pride, you eagerly wrap around it’s surprising length, easily matching your own size. The hare lets out a load moan as you begin to offer attention to his needy cock, copious pre dripping out onto your shirt. As the two of you enjoy each other, the hare begins to pick up the pace, leaning into your dick, he wraps his lips around you and buries you inside of him. With the sudden offer of a warm, wet hole, you can’t help but burst, pressing your face deep into your commanding officer’s ass, you unleash a torrent of cum into his mouth. In kind, he cums eagerly onto your already stained shirt, painting it white. For a few moments you feel as though you’re in heaven, his immaculate rear against you as his mouth is wrapped around you. As your orgasm tapers, he slowly dislodges himself from your phallus, pulling his rear off of your face you finally catch a breath of fresh air.

The jackrabbit stands next to the bench, stark naked besides his cap and boots, his manhood still dripping with his seed. He looks back to you, a smile on his face, “I’ve seen to it you’ll get a new shirt cadet, good job for a first mission.” He leans into you, his hand guiding you into a soft kiss on the lips. “Let’s make this a regular thing, huh?” His hand brushes against you as he stands up, wiping himself off, he dresses again, his spotless uniform somehow more attractive now that you’ve seen him naked. He hands you a spare shirt, perhaps a size too small, but it’ll do.

Maybe military life won’t be as bad as you’d thought.
