#my favourite bully.

Part 1
The Hufflepuff girl felt almost happy, at the beginning of that rainy spring morning. By now, her fellow House-mates were warming up to her, the typical serene and competition-free atmosphere of the Badger House making her feel a part of something, a companionship she didn't dare to hope for when joining Hogwarts as a 5th year student.

Sadly, that wasn't the case for all the other students of the different Houses of the fabled castle. The Ravenclaws, snotty and aloof, treated her as she didn't exist- which at the end of the day, was quite up her alley; she wished that could be said as well for the other two, most competitive houses, the boisterous Gryffindors and the sinister Slytherins. She couldn't decide which was worst, the loud jeering from the lion bullies, or the cold contempt from the smug snakes, all looking at the new, quite inept Hufflepuff arrival with disdain. The girl tried to avoid them as often as she could, quickly gaining familiarity with the castle's corridors to hide efficiently as possible, but that wasn't always enough.

And one of those times was indeed during that very same rainy morning, while attending the Beasts class, as she found herself unable to escape the stares and chatter from the other students as they attended the lesson outside.
In particular, being a Hufflepuff/Slytherin shared class, she could feel on her the eyes of a small group of Slytherin fifth-years. An unruly, stocky bald (or shaved) one, a lithe, smug one with slicked-back pale air, and a taller, indifferent one with sharp features. They all made her feel out of place, in very different ways, but the last one in particular made her feel the most uncomfortable, despite seemingly not even caring about her- but maybe that was the reason of her confused emotions.

At the end of the lesson, she prepared to slide away to avoid further trouble, but the muddy, wet grass had other plans; she fell to the ground, the fall followed by a burst of general laughter.

As she tried to get back on her feet, she could see the one with the shaved head approaching, and grinning. The girl expected him to throw her in the Mooncalves' dungheap or something, and sighed, closing her eyes and accepting her fate. But the figure looming in front of her now was the tall Slytherin, looking at her, aloof, before extending an arm to her. A gesture that surely should be friendly in nature, compassionate. But in his demeanor there wasn't much friendliness, and his eyes didn't shine with compassion, but more with something akin to disgust.

The girl looked behind him, seeing the shaved headed bully stopping in his track as one of his fellow Slytherin mates, a green-eyed girl with a thick black bang over her forehead, slapped his head with a smacking, loud sound. The Hufflepuff girl looked back at the tall Slytherin, and gulped before accepting his long hand with poorly hidden concern, the unfamiliar, direct contact with another person's skin making her shudder. The boy easily pulled her up, as the crowd was now dispersing. "Let's go train for Quidditch, bro." one of his friends said, a raven-haired one with bright blue eyes. "I'll be there in a minute." the boy replied, as he waited until there were only him and the girl standing on the wet grass behind the wooden cabin of the Magical Beasts classroom area.

"You can't keep acting like this. You're pathetic." he said out of nowhere, his tone neutral, but with a certain sharp note to it. "Hiding in corridors, running in your dormitory after classes, even jumping in the lake!" he hissed, his face a mix of disgust and pity.
"How can you call yourself a Hogwarts protégé, a witch, when you have no dignity whatsoever." he continued, as they slowly got more and more soaked by the increasing rain, the protruding roof tiles of the cabin not enough to fully cover them from the weather.

The girl was speechless. She wanted to reply that he shouldn't speak to her like this, that she deserved to be there just as the rest of the others.

"I'm...sorry." was all that she managed to say.

The boy snorted, quite unimpressed with her answer. "That right there, that's exactly what I'm talking about..." he started, before stopping abruptly.

The rain had them soaked, their damp school robes clinging tightly to their bodies. The hufflegirl chest was not hidden anymore by black robes and her loose jumper, as the water made the fabric cling to the heavy, round profile of her breasts. The Slytherin boy was obviously staring at them, almost... perplexed. Aloof he might have been, but he still was a young male, and his puzzled frown quickly turned into a grin. The girl, looking at him and back down at herself, turned a vivid red in her usually pale cheeks, the realization of her state, and what he was staring at, hitting her.
"I've never imagined...what do we have here?" he said, almost softly. His demeanor changed, and the girl shifted on her feet, the rain cooling her now inflamed, red face.

"You k-know, you shouldn't st-" she began, before gasping as one of his hands closed around her generous left breast. The Slytherin gave it a squeeze, his long fingers feeling the warm, supple flesh under the layers of damp, thinned fabric. The Hufflepuff felt a knot in her throat, unable to say anything as his other hand now lifted her other breast, feeling its hefty weight.
"Who would have known." he commented to himself, as his hands now started to freely explore her chest. The girl could have screamed, could have pushed him away, even readied her wand, sitting in her large sewn-in robes pocket...but she did nothing, and stood there, under the rain, just breathing heavily, her eyes closed, as she felt her jugs being kneaded, her nipples involuntarily stiffening under his insistent touch.

"Are you...are you done?" she asked, her voice weak and shaking, his hands still squeezing, pinching and exploring her chest, which now felt tender, and very warm.
The boy stopped, and looked at her with a neutral expression, although she could have swore his breathing was a bit faster and heavier.
Without answering, or asking, he parted her robes, and before she could even lift her hands to stop him, rolled her damp woolen sweater above her chest, under her neck.
The glorious sight of her pale, heavy teats was now under his eyes. She reddened more, if that was even possible, and let out a yelping sound, trying to fix her sweater, but the Slytherin blocked her, still looking at her as he had her narrow wrists in his hands, his digits firm and warm around the clammy skin of her forearms.

She looked away from him, her eyes closed again, his stare alone enough taking away her will to object, for now. She only reopened them when she felt something wet and warm around one of her wide, rosy nipples. The Slytherin was sucking on her breast, his hands squeezing it as if milking her out, for a fluid that obviously wasn't there. That didn't stop him from taking his time, the Hufflepuff girl now panting and sighing, looking around ashamed- luckily, the small grassy field behind the cabin was deserted, under the light, spring rain. The sighing turned a hissing exhalation as she felt his teeth scraping across the tender skin of her areola.

This time she pushed him away, weakly, but enough to separate him from her. The Slytherin didn't seem to mind her outburst, a faint smile instead forming on his lips. "Finally, taking a stand." he said, almost calmly.

That was too much, she wanted to say, but her mouth didn't open- suddenly she didn't feel like talking: what her body was feeling instead, was a warm, slightly wet sensation between her legs, hardly due to the falling rain.

She looked down at herself, her arousal invisible, as thankfully her robes were still covering her lower body. As her eyes were down, she noticed that the Slytherin boy robes, on the other hand, had some difficulties hiding the tent that has formed against his crotch, a consequence of his attention to her plump bosom.
The girl seemingly forgot about her exposed chest and everything that had just happened, and she coughed a little. "Your...your thing is...showing..." she said, her voice almost disappearing at the end of the sentence.
The boy didn't need to look down, as he was well aware of his own excitement, his member hard and throbbing under his robes and breeches.

"Touch it." he whispered to her. "I know you want to do that."
She flushed, her eyes wide. She definitely didn't want to do that. She wanted to go back to the Room of Requirement, get dried up, read some book and forget everything about this. She wanted to exchange a few awkward words with her Hufflepuff mates, to feel comfortable. She didn't want this.

So she was quite surprised at herself as she felt her own slender fingers closing around the cloth-covered erection of the Slytherin boy, as her arm had a mind of its own. His meat, under the damp fabric, felt warm, hot, and slightly pulsing.

"Unbutton me."

This time she was aware as she moved away the hem of the robes, undid the buttons of his woolen breeches, and freed his cock, the veiny shaft springing upward under the beating spring rain.

The Hufflegirl gulped, completely unsure about what to do. After all, she didn't do anything until now, the boy having controlled the situation entirely. Still, she thought about his words before their encounter degenerated. How she should be more brave, take control. Something inside her awoke, and she moved her hand again to grab his naked, sensitive skin, only to be shut down almost immediately.

"Don't." The Slytherin boy said sharply, her hand stopping a few centimeters from his hot member. She felt stupid and ashamed like never before, her face red, not knowing what she did wrong, and why she wanted to do that in the first place, as well. "W-wh...wh..." she started to stammer, before he interrupted her.

"Not with your hand." he added, his voice now not as sharp as before. She felt his fingers under her chin, forcing her to lift her head and look at him. "With your mouth."

She stared at him, astonished. The way this morning developed was definitely not what she had in mind when crawling out of her comfy bed. She wasn't sure she wanted to do this with a boy, for now at least. But something about this boy in particular...she looked in his cold green eyes, searching for encouragement. Somehow she found it.

She leaned forward, her plush lips, damp from tears and rain alike, touching his sensitive tip.

The Slytherin boy sighed, his shaft throbbing, as she planted a wet kiss on his dark red glans. Encouraged by his reaction, she started kissing it more, feeling how warm it felt on her lips. He was clean, for sure, but she could smell his musk, her nostrils flared, her mind empty as she finally parted her lips and tentatively took his head in her warm, wet mouth.

This time he groaned loudly, as he felt her tongue sliding under his shaft, her inexperience obscured by his excitement and the feeling of the Hufflepuff's mouth sealed around his painfully throbbing member.

It only took a few, noisy sucks, before he grunted in a low voice, his body stiffening, the inside of the girl's watering mouth immediately filling with an explosion of thick, sticky fluid as his cock throbbed and emptied itself down her throat.

The Hufflegirl didn't move an inch, the taste strange, but not unpleasant, the sensation of his shaft pulsing in her mouth, satisfied, giving her a thrill of small confidence she didn't expect to find in a situation like this.

Finally, he retreated, his member flaccid and glistening. She gulped down his warm load on her own will, eliciting a grin from the tall Slytherin.

"Now, that's a good girl."

Part 2
The next days weren't easy for the Hufflepuff girl. In fact, they might have been the hardest since arriving at Hogwarts.
During the class periods, she put extra care avoiding her usual bullies, and especially her unusual, last one. She even briefly considered using her gerbil (or rat, she wasn't even sure) Animagus form to better escape the snakes and the lions, such was her anxiety, but she knew fully well she would never have the audacity of breaking school rules by doing so.
So she stuck with attending only mandatory lessons, and even then only for the bare minimum amount of time; she moved around the school swiftly, even going as far as mingling with her fellow Hufflepuff housemates while walking through the crowded corridors of the castle, to avoid a certain pair of green eyes on her. But, in some ways, her days were nowhere as hard as her nights.

She started sleeping in the Room of Requirement more often, the lonely space offering her the privacy she needed when thinking about what happened that infamous rainy morning during her tormented nights.

The memory of his fingers on her large, tender breasts was still vivid in her mind; as the Hufflegirl laid in her bed, she tried to mimic the feeling of his insistent hands with her own, smaller, delicate ones, without being able to replicate it. It just wasn't the same thing. As she gently squeezed her own pale jugs, she could only think of him, his eyes, his hands, his cock. The girl could almost feel his taste in her mouth, the memory causing her to salivate, to feel a wave of heat invading her loins. She sighed as she touched herself down there, before retreating her hand, the digits wet and torrid.

Her hand lingered on the soft, dark pubes, before returning to her steamy sex. Her fingers gently rubbed and spread her soft labia, her index almost pushing in...but it wasn't that finger she wanted inside her. It was him. The thought somehow scared the girl, and she retreated her hand again, this time trying to shut her eyes closed, and catch some much needed sleep. Deek would have some cleaning to do on those sheets, come tomorrow.

Eventually, the tormented thoughts in her mind prevailed even against her meek, lawful nature, and she found herself turning into her Animagus form on school grounds. The discomfort caused by openly breaking school rules was quickly forgotten; she found immense relief discovering that, as a small rodent, evading unwanted stares and comments was laughably easy, and she even dared visiting places forbidden to students- the deepest section of the library, for example, where she could nibble on some particularly interesting and tasty old tomes. Roaming the school at night became a habit, the only threat being cats, although some of the felines could almost sense she was no ordinary animal, and would leave her alone.  She felt free, and brave, for how brave a rat can be.

So, it was only natural that one night she gave in to her deeper yearnings, and scurried down several sets of stairs of the castle, until she found herself looking up at a stone wall surrounded by sculpted snakes. She waited patiently -patience was one of her biggest virtues, after all, by force of circumstance-, until a couple of giggling Slytherins, a boy and a girl, arrived and whispered something which made the wall creak and part, the opening to the Snakes' dungeon revealed. 
The little creature quickly ran in, unobstructed, until she found herself in the gloomy, slightly damp air of the Slytherin common room.
It was everything the Hufflepuff nest was not; majestic, quiet, and dark. The baroque, refined decor was everywhere, made even more solemn by the poor lighting, and the cool, grey stone and dark marbles being the primary materials reflected the apparent cold, detached nature of the House itself.

The animal form allowed the girl to possess an enhanced sense of smell; so, after taking in the views of the room, including the beautiful, giant window showing the lake's underwater fauna, she started tracking *his* smell, something that hasn't left her mind since that fateful day, weeks ago.
She ran through the circular corridor, following his faint scent and passing by several rooms; her tiny, but sensitive ears would catch most of the sounds inside those bedrooms: she could hear faint snoring, whispered words exchanging secrets or repeating day's lessons, and even noises of a more licentious nature. Although tempted to stop by and listen to every door, she ignored them all, until the small rodent stopped in front of the room her nose marked as the one she was looking for.

A small gap between the stone wall and the wooden door allowed her to slide right in, and find herself in the quiet darkness of the bedroom. There were three beds; two were empty, and judging by the lack of clothes and personal belongings around them, probably unused. The third one was occupied by a long, still figure, sleeping under the dark green covers. His breathing was deep and regular, a sweet sound to the tiny rodent's round ears; she felt excited about the close proximity, but also tired for the night's adventure. An idea formed in her mind, as dangerous as tempting: not daring to go any closer to the sleeping Slytherin boy, she climbed up the trunk at the feed of the elegant bed, squishing her furry body inside through the slightly parted lid, and landing on a soft sweater with a distinct, comfortable woollen scent. "Just a small nap." she thought to herself, before her small beady eyes closed, and the rat fell asleep.

The next morning the tall Slytherin woke, yawning and rubbing his eyes. The chest at the foot of his bed creaked ever so slightly, and he immediately looked at the source of the noise, grabbing his black, spiral-shaped wand from his nightstand, but seeing nothing in front of him. He shrugged, and yawned again, before starting his day.
The small rat ran and ran, close to the walls, the waking Slytherins mostly ignoring it, some looking at it curiously but deeming it too irrelevant to be bothered with. Finally she exited the dungeon, the small heart thumping incredibly fast, a mixture of fear, relief and excitement sustaining her small paws as she scurried back to her RoR, where she finally let herself turn back to her usual, pale and gloomy self once again.

But the damage was done. She got a taste of a comfort, a life she yearned for, even if it was just a sham; the nightly visits to the dungeon became an habit, a duty. She couldn't get tired of smelling the damp air of the Snakes' common room, to see the giant squid poking against the giant windows at night, to hear the crackling of the big fireplace in the great hall, and of course, to rest in the place where she felt the safest in the world, despite it being, from another point of view, the most dangerous as well. 
As the girl grew more comfortable with her actions, she also grew careless. The more time she spent awake exploring the dungeon and its inhabitants, the more tired she would get, her sleeping routine in the trunk becoming scattered, until one night, it finally happened.

The sleeping rat didn't hear the rustling of the covers, the few steps, or even the lid of the trunk being opened. But she did wake as a flash of intense, white light hit her, preceded by the words "*Lumos*". Much like a wild animal facing an unknown, immediate threat, she froze. The Slytherin boy was looking down at her, with suspicious green eyes. "A rat?" he mumbled, his voice still slurry from the sleep. "*Levioso*" he murmured, the gerbil girl finding herself floating in the air, unable to do anything, her head a turmoil of thoughts and emotions that left her body limp and her brain frozen. 
"You should be careful around here, buddy. Don't you know snakes eat rats?" The boy grinned, looking for a safe place to let the rodent go, and also thinking of a way to sanitize his clothes trunk.
Then he stopped. "Come to think...I've never seen a rat down here." he whispered to himself, his eyes narrowing as he stared at the levitating rodent.
"*...Revelio!*" he hissed, his wand igniting with a golden, cold light. 
The rat finally let out a pathetic squeak, which turned into an equally pathetic sob from the trembling, deathly pale girl now levitating softly in front of the Slytherin boy.
"You."
It wasn't a question, or an accusation. He wasn't shouting, or laughing. It was simply a statement, said in quite a neutral voice, with the tiniest hint of surprise, which made the Hufflegirl even more worried. Abuse and humiliation, she learned to live with long ago, but this...this was something she wasn't used to. The boy lowered his wand, finally, and her small feet touched the ground, her legs barely managing to keep her standing. Even in her true, human form, the Slytherin towered over her, as he looked down in her deep blue eyes.
"Sit." he sighed, gesturing towards his own bed. The Hufflegirl gulped, distressed. His bed? Still, she obeyed, and sat on the soft, comfortable covers as she looked down at her still trembling feet.
"Now, why are you here? Did you enjoy what we did so much?" He grinned, his eyes amused as he watched the girl choke on her words, as her mind tried to put together the least humiliating answer possible, and failing terribly at doing so.  
"N-no, I mean...I just missed y-you." she managed to squeak, before feeling her face igniting a deep red as she realized what she just said.
The boy raised an eyebrow for a fraction of a second, before instantly regaining his composure. "So you thought it was a good idea to enter our Common Room and sleep in my trunk." he started, in a less friendly tone, his figure looming over her. 
"Now, what should I do with you? Should I tell on you? Flipendo you around the dungeon? Should I-"
"Whatever you want." he heard the girl whisper in a single, labored breath. 

The boy stared at her, quietly. Then a small, ambiguous smile appeared on his lips. "I have to admit, you had guts coming here. I didn't expect that from you. And well, I don't know about you, but I definitely did enjoy our last encounter." he added, before suddenly lowering his lounge pants and small clothes, making the Hufflegirl's eyes widen, before she looked away again. He walked in front of her, as she was still sitting, his flaccid member mere centimetres away from her face. "I take you remember how you did it last time?" He teased.

It was close, she could feel its warmth hitting her red cheek, but she didn't know what to do, her heart threatening to burst out of her chest as it thumped like crazy, her mind overwhelmed. 
Then again, there was a reason she came there every night.
She turned to face his manhood, her soft lips parting, as she accepted his flaccid member in her warm mouth, once again. She heard him grunt softly, and her mind cleared a little. "I'm doing good", she thought, as she felt his cock stiffen over her tongue; she sucked it gently, trying to be as less awkward as possible. She almost choked on it as she felt a long hand laying gently on her dark hair, eliciting both a chuckle and a grunt from the tall boy. The air of the room was dark and quiet, the silence only broken by low slurping noises and sporadic, low sighs from the Slytherin.

She was almost getting used to it, when suddenly he retreated, his cock popping out of her mouth, a string of saliva still hanging from it.
"Now, I think it's time for your reward, for being so...daring." he murmured, before grabbing the Hufflegirl under her armpits and lifting her like she was a doll, turning her around and bending her over the green bed. Her mind raced as she understood what was about to happen. She could feel her throat tightening with anxiety, her body freezing with fear and her cunt moistening with anticipation. 
The heat between her legs became apparent to him as well, as he brusquely rolled her long gown over her waist and pulled down her small clothes, her round, pale rear presented to him. "You have a nice ass." he muttered with an husky voice, as his large hands explored her posterior, digits pressing and kneading into the soft, tender flesh of her buttocks. He spread and squeezed them, making her feel more vulnerable and exposed with every passing second, her terror only surpassed by her longing for him.
Finally, she felt something hot and large prodding against her swollen, wet labia, and let out a moan. The boy was grinding his cock up and down her folds, her juices now flowing freely, coating his head and veiny shaft, as she panted, waiting for him, to finally feel him inside her.

So, she mouthed a surprised "oh" as she felt his tip sliding upwards, and let out a yelp as he pushed against her backdoor.
"Trespassing here, and sleeping in my room...what were you even thinking? I told you you'd get the reward you deserve." He grunted, grabbing his well-lubed cock and pressing it gently, but firmly against her asshole. Her tender ring gave in, and she sobbed as she felt him sliding inside her ass, the boy groaning in pleasure from the tightness and warmth of her rear. It felt incredibly uncomfortable at the beginning -not as much as she expected- but not something she wanted to experience. Her mind raced, as she considered trying to slip away, scream, yell at him to stop. She did no such things, and instead she just grunted quietly, feeling his shaft thrusting even deeper in her. She found some solace in his touch, his large, warm hands holding her narrow waist tightly, possessively, as he groaned and pushed his hips until they met the soft flesh of her butt cheeks. 

"You're being a very good girl, you k-know." he blurted out in pleasure, and all of a sudden the pain wasn't so terrible. Having him inside her in such a way wasn't the worst that could happen that night; feeling his cock throb in her ass, his hands massage her hips, and his voice grunting and whispering, none of those things were half bad, and between sobs she now found herself moaning as well, the thought of giving him such pleasure and being used by him, united with him, overwhelming all the distress she was experiencing. His thrusts were deep, but not reckless, she felt her rear stretching for him as he slid back and forth, his hands now going over her large breasts, holding them through the rough fabric of her shirt. Suddenly, she felt his larger body rest on her smaller one, his weight laid on her back, as he hilted deep in her ass one last time. His stiff member throbbed, her sphincter squeezing his base as the boy let out a low sigh and finally came inside her. She could feel a warm liquid flooding deep in her rear as he spurted his seed, his body stiff and still as he finished his deposit. Her breathing was ragged, she was still squeaking and moaning as she felt his now flaccid cock leaving her asshole with a soft, wet sound. She stood there like a statue, feeling something wet trickling down her smooth thighs and trying to calm her breathing, a slight discomfort spreading over her bottom now that the adrenaline and her high were fading. Still, a pleasant warmth lingered in her chest and in her belly.

The tall boy cleaned himself up with a green towel, before laying another one, not without a certain unexpected kindness, next to her. "You did good. That was...good." he repeated, breathing deeply, as he tried to regain his composure, green eyes examining her reactions, and finding no reason to complain. The Hufflegirl put on her clothes quickly, trembling again as she sit back on the bed, waiting for him to speak, as she couldn't find anything to say herself.
"You can keep sleeping in that trunk, and roam around if you want. I won't say anything to my mates. Just don't get yourself caught, some other people here may react...differently." he said quietly as he slipped inside his black robes, looking in her big eyes, as expecting her to say something. He sighed as he turned around to leave, before hearing the girl whisper again.
"Was I a good...a good g-" she stammered, gasping as she felt his long fingers cupping her delicate chin. The Slytherboy just smiled thinly, saying nothing, before letting go of her and exiting the room.