# /ag/ Vtuber List

## Chubby Models

>Mint
Average American gamer dwuag and the queen of Western /ag/
https://www.twitch.tv/mintcastella
https://twitter.com/mintcastella

>Milky
Big ol' tits
https://www.twitch.tv/milky
https://twitter.com/miilkywayz

>Agano Mai
Japan's queen of /ag/
https://www.youtube.com/@AGANO_MAI
https://twitter.com/agano_mai

>Andou
/ag/ asmr
https://www.twitch.tv/andou
https://twitter.com/andouilles

>Saa
Thick hips snake
https://www.twitch.tv/saavtuber
https://twitter.com/SaaVLewd

>Moegi
Nice tummy JP
https://www.youtube.com/@vtuber3484
https://twitter.com/moegi_zmg
***

## Chubby Behind The Model (Leans Into It)

>Ember
Phase Connect's sizable senorita
https://www.youtube.com/@EmberAmane
https://www.twitch.tv/emberamane
https://twitter.com/EmberAmane

>Moona
HoloID's resident burger lover
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP0BspO_AMEe3aQqqpo89Dg
https://twitter.com/moonahoshinova

>Himawari
NijiJP's cheerful sunflower
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0g1AE0DOjBYnLhkgoRWN1w
https://twitter.com/honmahimawari

>Snuffy
Big fat sausage fingers
https://www.twitch.tv/snuffy
https://twitter.com/snuffyowo

>Poko
IdolEN's thieving raccoon
https://www.youtube.com/@rakunpoko
https://twitter.com/PokoRakun

>Salome
NijiJP's ojou-sama desuwa!
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgIfLpQvelloDi8I0Ycbwpg
https://twitter.com/1000000lome

>Henemimi
Draws art of chubby girls
https://www.twitch.tv/henemimi
https://twitter.com/henemimi

>Meat
Green cavewoman
https://www.twitch.tv/meat
https://twitter.com/meatscave

>Amiya
Former Tsunderia spooder
https://www.youtube.com/@AmiyaAranha
https://twitter.com/amiyaaranha
***

## Chubby Behind The Model (Doesn't Lean Into It)

>Selen/Dokibird
Laughing gas Apex Predator
https://www.youtube.com/@Dokibird
https://www.twitch.tv/dokibird
https://twitter.com/dokibird

>Ollie
HoloID's zoomer zombie
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYz_5n-uDuChHtLo7My1HnQ
https://twitter.com/kureijiollie

>Okayu
HoloJP's fatto catto
https://www.youtube.com/@NekomataOkayu
https://twitter.com/nekomataokayu

>Polka
HoloJP's favorite fennec
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCK9V2B22uJYu3N7eR_BT9QA
https://twitter.com/omarupolka

>Fulgur
NijiEN's fabulous fungus
https://www.youtube.com/@FulgurOvid
https://twitter.com/Fulgur_Ovid

>Calli
HoloEN's rapping reaper
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL_qhgtOy0dy1Agp8vkySQg
https://twitter.com/moricalliope

>Scarle
NijiEN's late night enchantress
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFgXWZOUZA2oYHNr6qDmsTQ
https://twitter.com/scarleyonaguni

>Miori
Former Tsunderia vsinger
https://www.youtube.com/@MioriCelesta
https://twitter.com/mioricelesta

## Enablers/Feeders/Artists

>Yuuna
Feeder extraordinaire
https://www.youtube.com/@niniyuuna
https://www.twitch.tv/yuuna/about
https://twitter.com/niniyuuna

>Kilia
Ate 100 chicken nuggets on stream
https://www.youtube.com/@KiliaKurayami
https://twitter.com/KiliaKurayami

>Peagade
Draws a lot of big HoloEN
https://twitter.com/paulozadias

>William
Draws all /ag/ girls
https://twitter.com/notwilliam_