`ENTER: A TEACHER speaking to a boy in a green hoodie. This is RICHARD HERTZ, the acting class rep of 1-F. Most of the TEACHER's face and body is obscured. RICHARD looks like he would rather be anywhere else but here.`

`TEACHER: ... right. Over to you, Dick.`
`RICHARD, awkwardly: Yes, sensei.`

`As the TEACHER leaves the room, RICHARD turns to look at his two charges. One of them is a scrawny, pale Japanese boy with a hood over his head. A pair of poorly-hidden bunny ears is poking out from beneath said hood. The only name that RICHARD has been given is "RUNT". Beside him is an enthusiastic Caucasian chap with a pair of antennae sprouting from his head. His name is ROB WILLIAMS. RICHARD sighs.`

`RICHARD: Okay. Uh. Welcome to 1-F. Follow me.`

`He leads them out into the corridor. They pass THE DOCTOR, REBECCA WEBER and EMILIA BUSUJIMA, who're going in the opposite direction. RICHARD ignores them. ROB attempts an abortive wave, but only EMILIA responds.`

`RICHARD: Okay, uh, Runt. And Rob. The first thing you need to know is that 1-F is... it's basically just you, me, and, like, five other guys. Probably less. I'm also not sure why it's like this. Uh, I used to be in 1-E, but I wasn't that close with any of my classmates, so it's no skin off my back. Uh, you probably don't really care about any of this, so whatever.`

`RUNT produces what looks like a clump of dirt from somewhere. After examining it critically for a few beats, he stuffs the entire clump of dirt into his mouth. RICHARD blanches, then turns away and pretends not to have seen anything.`

`RICHARD: O-okay, well. Right this way. Uh, we have a cafeteria. We actually have multiple cafeterias, but this one is mainly for freshmen. That's how the school was built.`

`As they step through the sliding doors, a blur weaves past them and resolves into NYORO HOGE. A wall of sound slams into the three boys. RUNT cringes; ROB perks up; and RICHARD rolls his eyes.`

`RICHARD: Now, where you sit in the cafeteria is crucial, because you got everybody there. You got your stupid fucking NPCs...`

`CUT TO RICHARD's former classmates in 1-E, dispersed across four tables. VALERIE LUGOSI is flicking peas at KAMOME KŪINDŌ. LIAM MCDICHAEL is staring at someone a few tables away in between mouthfuls of pancakes. STEPHAN GUNN is eating alone, as usual. KOUKOKA FUHAYAI is engaged in what looks like an escalating row with HARUKA AKAIRO. NEKKETSU ATSUINI is standing up to join the argument.`

`RICHARD: ... burnouts...`

`CUT TO AURA CURIE, poking glumly at her food.`

`RICHARD: ... creepy freshmen...`

`CUT TO SATORU TANI, who is glaring right at them. CUT TO an intense-looking crowd of students following CHIHIRO MITSURUGI as she goes to dump her tray. Sensing their eyes on her, CHIHIRO whips around and winces when they immediately prostrate themselves before her.`

`RICHARD: ... creepy seniors... `

`CUT TO SUZUKI NENE, who is leaning over to grin at an annoyed-looking YUI SAGARA.`

`RICHARD: ... oh, hey, that's weird. Usually, it's her and Mio Katsuragi. I wonder where she went. Anyway, you got your religious weirdos...`

`CUT TO NOAH ABRAMS and SALLY MCCATHY, saying grace with their hands clasped. SALLY opens her eyes and scowls at them.`

`RICHARD: ... exchange students, like fuck, you would not believe how many exchange students we have, it's crazy...`

`CUT TO YSMIR DRAGONBORN and DANIEL W. RAIN, wrestling over who sits where on the bench again. CUT TO JOHNNY WALKER and DAMIEN JACKSON, chatting in English as KAGA MIROKAZU tries futilely to follow along. CUT TO ROB, who is himself an exchange student.`

`RICHARD: ... oh, and mutants, it's a zoo over in the business course...`

`CUT TO a procession of vaguely reptilian students from 1-C and 1-B. Then CUT TO KAYLEE SUZUKI, playing chess with an unseen opponent. And CUT TO SHINKAN SEN, happily chowing down on another handful of coal. CUT TO RUNT and ROB, exchanging glances. They, too, are mutants.`

`RICHARD: ... the greatest people you will ever meet...`

`CUT TO the unofficial 1-F table. For some reason, RICHARD is sitting there. He waves weakly. The other few students sitting at the same table do not look up.`

`RICHARD: ... and the worst. Beware of... 1-D.`

`CUT TO the 1-D tables. INIGO MYOGA weaves between them, in lockstep with HOGE. BOBBY SAMSON and HIFUMI TAKEDA come into focus. None of them look up. MINERVA KIM and HAILEY KANG are sitting with them, and are therefore within reach of KAYLEE, whose unseen opponent is CHRISTOPHER CAIN. FAITH KANG is idly spectating their match. At the next table, MAXINE NGUYEN and EDITH LEE look up, clearly feeling eyes on them, and sneer.`

`RICHARD: I'm just kidding. They're decent folks. Nice enough. But they're at the top of the social ladder, so, uh, thought you'd want to know. Got their licenses early, took part in a whole-ass tournament, it was a big deal. Local celebrities.`

`He waves a hand at the rest of 1-D, encompassing SOUJYUURO IMAI, ASHLEIGH KATSURAGI, TAKARA TAME, and a bored-looking SORA TANAKA. Several students are noticeable by their absence.`

`RICHARD: They lost a couple of classmates over winter. Don't know the actual story. Just heard it on the grapevine. Anyway, I'm sure -`
`ROB: STOP RIGHT THERE, EVILDOER!`

`He is shouting at a girl who is brandishing what looks like a sub-machine gun. She is standing by the 1-E tables. As RICHARD looks on in dismay, ROB peels two strips of fabric off his uniform, exposing his nipples, and shoots a thick, sludgy stream of pink goo in her general direction. The girl's shouts are muffled by her face-mask, but the goo is very sticky indeed. For a few moments, the entire cafeteria is silent. Then:`

`SOMEONE: FOOD FIGHT!`

`Several things happen in quick succession. SATORU TANI gets pelted with various food items from all directions almost immediately. RUNT leaps onto SHINKAN, making grabby-hands at his coal. And INIGO's dragon immediately transforms into an umbrella to shield him and HOGE from any of the resulting fallout. As the cafeteria dissolves into chaos, RICHARD takes a few steps backward and flees through the sliding-doors.`

`RICHARD, weakly, half to himself: - you'll fit right in.`