#Extra : A Blessing in Disguise

Sitting under the cold light seeping through the beautiful blue stained glass ceiling, a pair of 4th year Slytherin students worked diligently on what they hoped would solve all their problems; the large room located deep inside the castle's corridors had become their hangout over the past few months, far away from the wrath of their fellow Housemates.

Gazing at Leonard's face while he observed the concoction, Elise reminisced. She remembered the shame of being caught holding hands with the boy, the humiliation of losing an enormous amount of House Points; the disgusted look on her lost friends when Slytherin lost the House Cup because of the two of them. 
Looking up from the cauldron and the book, Leonard smiled at her, gently caressing her hand; she smiled back.
Those eyes, those beautiful green eyes; she remembered how dangerous the innocent and joyful boy from her childhood looked when he took her defense against her friends turned enemies; how he proudly defended his love and swore to make up for the lost points.

"*Elise...*" he thought longingly; a year had gone by but he still couldn't believe the girl from his childhood was sitting next to him, as if nothing had happened. Interlocking her fingers with his, she sought his natural warmth as his heart skipped a beat; he tried looking away from her but couldn't hold back from her beautiful sapphires; those mesmerizing eyes he once thought he would never seen again.

Eyes locked, their thoughts intertwined as if they watched a memory in a pensive: they remember the powerful rush they felt through their chest as they saw each other at the dawn of their Third year; they remembered the Sorting Hat clamoring "*Slytherin!*", and they remembered the wonderful but oh-so short school year they spent rediscovering each other after their long separation.

Elise remembered how sad she felt when she saw her childhood friend surrounded by other girls, beautiful girls, unlike her. How they complimented his subtle French accent... Most of all, she remembered the warm smile he would give her when he spotted her looking sad; those unknown feelings she would later realize were love slowly but surely invaded her mind.

Gently passing his hand through Elise's hair and caressing the nape of her neck, Leonard remembered the unbelievable joy he felt at being reunited with his best friend; how over the school year she started blushing more and more when he got close to her; how he couldn't get her smile, her laugh out of his mind; how much he wanted to hold her close and never let go. He never wanted to see her gone; why hadn't he realized before that he couldn't live without her?

Snapped back to reality from the loud echoing sound of a large water droplet hitting the floor, the couple quickly separated, blushing heavily.
"*Almost done...*" half-whispered Leonard, in his subtle accent Elise loved so much; the boy inspected the cauldron while gazing at the book the two of them had "borrowed" from the Restricted Section.

Amortentia, that was their plan. The idea of two Fourth Years brewing such a difficult potion was so crazy they were sure to be rewarded generously by their teachers, after all, such a feat was unheard of.
Blinded by hubris, the couple had worked restlessly for months in a desperate attempt to right their wrongs.

Sitting between the cauldron and Leonard, Elise bubbled with excitement. Shivers ran down her spine when he gently grabbed her hands and placed them on the ladle; still holding, he stirred the potion one last time while holding her hands, a wide smile on his face.

The brew bubbled violently, shifting colours many time in front of the fascinated teenagers before emitting a soft puff. 
Success! The potion was completed: distinctive hue, spirals of beautiful fumes... It was perfect!

Laughing happily, the two of them embraced each other, Leonard kissed Elise on the cheek as the two of them inhaled the enchanting aroma.
"*We did it!*" exclaimed Elise, happy tears streaming down her face. "Finally I can make it up to you..." mumbled Leonard; their strong embrace grew limp as they approached the potion almost subconsciously "*Say... What are you smelling..?*" whispered the girl.
Breathing in deeply, the slowly flushing boy answered "*Burning wood... Candles, and... Violets...You..?*" Sniffing softly, the brunette answered "*The sea... Oranges...You..*?" she turned around to look at him, a half embarrassed cocky grin on her face "Me? I just told you!" he chuckled, taking another whiff of the sweet smells "No... I mean you. I smell you." she looked away from the speechless boy's face, red to her ears.

Embracing her suddenly, Elise's face rested against his well defined chest; she could feel his warmth and his strong heartbeat. She gently grabbed his harm, trailing down to hold his hand as he rested his cheek against her hair. "*I thought I would never see you again...*" he whispered "*I thought your parents would marry you to some lousy merchant...*" he tightened his embrace. Meeting his eyes, Elise spoke up, holding back tears "*Why me? Why not one of the pretty girls?*"
Letting go of her, he grabbed her by the arms, hard, unaware of his strength; he lowered his head to meet her eyes, dangerously close to her soft lips as he whispered "*Because I love you, Elise. Because you're mine, and I'm yours.*" 
Tears flowing freely, Elise gasped, speechless, out of breath; her lips softly parted as she tried speaking up. Her train of though was interrupted by a sudden kiss, her first kiss, his first kiss, their first kiss.

Entangled, the pair was locked in a loving embraced, bathed in the soft blue light coming from above, surrounded by the mesmerizing vapours of Amortentia. Pecking each other on the lips repeatedly, the two lovebirds breathed heavily, inhaling large amounts of shimmering smoke; slowly but surely, the aromas changed to only their lover's scent.
Holding Elise's head by the nape, Leonard plunged his tongue deep in her mouth, caressing the interior gently, slowly, as she reciprocated the attention; their tongues slithered against each other as the two of them abandoned reason for lust.

Dizzy from lack of air, they reluctantly ended the intense kiss, a long trail of saliva linked their mouth. Catching his breath and beet red, Leonard flicked the trail with his finger, making a "*Boioioing*" sound with his mouth; the two of them erupted in laughter, breathing heavily, straining and inhaling even more of the sweet smell.
"*I can't breathe...*" whispered Elise, her disheveled light caramel hair excited Leonard in ways he couldn't understand; the sight of his childhood friend always so prim and proper, blushing red and looking like a Puffskein... He excitedly took of her robes before fumbling around the buttons of her shirt with trembling hands; desperate for air, Elise tried her luck with the buttons until their hands met.

As if a lightning bolt had hit the two of them, they forgot what they were doing and resumed their deep kissing, excitedly caressing each other's body. Angry with the buttons, Leonard ripped her shirt open, popping the annoying things all the way across the room and revealing her normally pale but heavily flushed chest and her frilly white brassiere. Elise hurriedly removed her shirt without relenting her assaults against his tongue, desperate for his taste; she shook her arms, slowly sliding the pesky shirt off while Leonard struggled against his tie.

Burning hot with love, lust and rage, the boy pulled hard against the tie, his busy mind and shaking hands couldn't handle a simple knot; he pulled away from Elise, wiping his mouth against his sleeves before swallowing loudly; grunting, he tore off the tie - and the shirt off his chiseled torso, exposing his well built body to his lovestruck girlfriend.

The two Slytherins stared at each other, gasping for air, dizzy and slowly losing their mind to the intense love amplified by the powerful potion.
Ripping off a curtain to cover the ground, Leonard carried Elise in his arms, looking like a predator about to devour his prey; his heavy breathing and loud beating heart mesmerized Elise as her head rested against his chest.

Laying his lover down gently on the improvised bed, the lovestruck girl recognized the face of the man she fell in love with, her one and only true friend, the rock that had always been there for her; she gasped as she tried to speak, in vain, as he quickly kissed her on the lips again, this time not intruding.
Their lips touched gently for a full minute, only their heavy breathing and a rare drop from the ceiling could be heard in the damp room.
Interrupting the kiss, Elise pulled back reluctantly to look at her lover's desperate face; she smiled widely as she sad down on his thighs, embracing him once again and plunging her tongue deep in his mouth.

No longer exploring, they actively avoided each other's weak spots, circling them slowly in an agonizingly slow dance before attacking relentlessly, the two of them lost themselves into the illicit pleasure; the threat of an arranged marriage didn't mean anything anymore as they caressed each other's body and hair; Elise grabbed Leonard from behind the ears, trying to get closer and closer as he caressed her back gently, his steady hands slowly and patiently undoing her undergarment while exploring her weak spots, making her gasp while slowly spreading goosebumps across her skin.

Once again out of breath the pair ended their long kiss, Elise closed her eyes as she rested her head against Leonard's shoulder, he bare, burning hot back felt the cold air of the room as the brassiere slowly slipped from her arms. Gently caressing from the nape of her neck down to the bottom of her spine, Leonard grinned as he made his lover moan; the exhausted girl looked at him longingly, pulling away from his warm chest, almost drooling with desire.
The boy grabbed her by the lower mandible, gently, and looked deep into her eyes "*Let's get married.*"

As silent as the room was, all the pair could hear was their intense heartbeat; all they could feel was each other's heat; all they could smell was the powerful pheromones coming out of their soulmate.
Driven mad with lust and unable to ignore their privates' purpose, the pair joined for eternity and became one for the first time; the seed of chaos and turmoil were sown, but another much more beautiful seed was planted, one that would change their lives forever.
A little angel.