##On the Drinkers of the Night
**An article written by Percival Pontifex Polidori**

The study of magical creatures is as broad and varied a subject as the study of magic itself. To the layman, it appears to be concerned with magical beings of an animal or quasi-animal nature, ranging from the intelligent, cat-like Kneazle, to the mysterious Unicorn, to the elusive, highly regarded Phoenix. Then come non-beings such as Dementors, which we count among so-called Dark Creatures. The purpose of this article is to shed light on one particular type of Dark Creature, subject to superstition among wizard- and mugglekind; the Vampire.

To begin with, these studies are not aimed at gaining an advantage in defense against them -- such is the all too popular singleminded track of Defense against the Dark Arts, hardly satisfying the academic pursuit. Vampires possess a commonality with lycanthropes, as their proliferation occurs via transmission of their condition to another. Moreover, their nocturnal ecology creates a rivalry among those more given to their base urges.
In my previous work, "Interviews with Some Vampire", I conducted a biographical study, which shall serve as the basis of this abstract on the physiology and social structures of vampires. Readers are encouraged to consult the mentioned literature for more detail and data.

• ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── •
**I.** ***Vampire Physiology***
As one of the Living Dead, the vampiric body, after transformation, discards some bodily functions and physical needs, adapting others in turn.
Additionally apparent magical abilities surface that are exercisable without a wand.

**I.I**
The consumption of blood is explained in two reasons; for one, vampires are unique among the Living Dead for their facsimile of life, and are as such       bound to a source that replenishes their expended energy. (*Note: see further below on sleep*) Blood is the undiluted vehicle of vitality, a natural               fit for their need. Secondly, as stated in "Interviews with Some Vampire", Chapter III, page 126 "The Blood is the Life", it is an act beyond dietary               fulfillment -- indeed Lord Lovelace remarked upon my inquiry: "We don't drink as you eat. When we partake of someone, drinking their blood, they         share with us feelings, memories... a most intoxicating and intimate experience. You may feel refreshed and sated after a delicious banquet, but for us     it's perpetual growth. An addictive one.", indicating that as they feed, vampires grow stronger in passing. Likewise, they are capable of imbibing normal   food or drink, but to no positive effect. It should be noted that while vanity is a part of vampire nature, few of them would make use of this                 remaining ability, considering it beneath them and not worth the effort to keep up appearances.

**I.II**
Next to sustenance stands the nocturnal life-cycle by which vampires operate. Widely considered, and proven, to have fatal reactions to sunlight,             vampires retire from dawn until dusk into safe havens. These differ based upon the resources available, however each vampire enters a sleeping state       for some hours of that period. During this time they appear as still as corpses, with awareness of their surroundings as limited as a living being's sleep.
Although not bound to coffins as many would be mistaken to assume, vampires prefer to rest within one; providing them a closed shelter, tailored to       their body. Lord Lovelace had also raised the point that vampires may voluntarily enter an extended sleep, likening it to a hibernation.
A useful, albeit dangerous tool, in times of scarce sustenance given the vulnerability if one is found so.

**I.III**
Magical abilities attributed to vampires range from transfiguration of the self into a wolf, a bat or even fine particles in a fog cloud, to an                           increased natural proficiency with mesmerism by vocal means and sight. The extent of potency in these aforementioned abilities depends as much on     the age of the vampire, as it does on their practice in each discipline of sorts. Again my gracious host and co-author allowed deeper insight into the       details, noting that the desire to consume blood, particularly humanoid blood, increases the more one works this kind of magic. In addition, if the vampire had been of magical blood before the transformation, they retain their status with the new condition. (*see Vampire Social Structures further below*)

**I.IV**
To close off the notes on Vampire Physiology, a peculiarity of their undead condition is marked by the exceedingly rare appearance of the dhampir, a product of unions between vampires and non-vampires. While the distinct characteristics of these dhampir will remain a topic for another article after     some more thorough research, it is still important to mention that this proves some measure of successful interbreeding of otherwise seemingly dead     beings. All known dhampir are recorded to be from a vampire father and a living mother. As such the conclusion that the vampiric body is incapable of   carrying out a pregnancy lies close. However, little factual data exists to support this conclusion and for now merely stands as the most likely thesis.

• ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── •
**II.** ***Vampire Social Structures***
Social strata among vampires are as complex as the place one could occupy in wizarding society at large. Common perceptions dictate that vampires would oft be found in positions of high social graces or power, while remaining far from public view.

**II.I**
First we must regard the position vampires take in wizarding society, which can be depicted in two groups indicated by the divide of vampires who had been muggles, and those vampires who possessed magic ability before. The former group is more ostracized, while they may have some rights, they are kept under close watch by the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. They are often found living in segregated groups, finding employ in various fields that include the cultivation of dangerous or nocturnal magical plants, accounting correspondence with the wizarding bank Gringotts. For the least fortunate, it is manual labor at hours other workers would sleep, while receiving lower pay.

The second group of vampires enjoys greater autonomy within the magical community. In fact, during the time of writing, the Ministry of Magic has a few vampires as officials, one specific example would be Frederik Fluch within the Department for Magical Creature Regulation. However most witches or wizards turned vampire are no longer allowed to possess or carry a wand, a law that has spawned sentiments of resentment. This ban could be averted for an applicant, through the laborious and expensive acquisition of a "License of Good Faith", which requires a bidecadal process of renewal.
Of course, a mere law being in effect does not, nor will it ever stop one from still carrying or using a wand without the aforementioned license, though the penalty for such a transgression is severe.

**II.II**
Lord Lovelace described the relationship among and between others of his kind as "The yearning of solitary hunters, sharing in eachother's loneliness, often ending in jealousy and contempt.". What insights I could gather from his statements regarding this are the following:
Transformation into a vampire does not strip one of individuality, and makes few alterations to the present personality -- rather focussing or dimming traits that were present before. Likewise, a certain distance in one vampire's dealings with another exists, even if more intimate desires remain. This guarded social nature amplifies the strained relations between vampires who can practice magic, and those who cannot. It is also owed to the fact that former muggle vampires lack education about their own condition, let alone the world that has been opened to them. As such, some even discard entering the magical community and instead attempt to use their state to an advantage in non-magical society.

**II.III**
Despite, or perhaps because of the points above, one should not assume the one class of vampires to being inherently above the other. Recorded history shows an example in the cunning vampire Winfried von Spuk, who seduced and married a witch and thus not only gained access to magic, but was also afforded a more comfortable position under the law. And as we all know, not all those who had the fortune of being admitted to a wizarding school truly show any proficiency with magic. Un-living hardly changes such a state of affairs for those undeserving of the gift of magic.
• ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── •
In closing, I hope to impress upon my dear reader the wisdom to be wary in your interactions, but to also recognize the wealth of knowledge one can gain from stepping outside of one's own shadow of fear. A vampire is no less or more dangerous on a case by case as any witch or wizard, as even the living act and choose whether to do good or ill.