I sit still on the edge the old pier, a dense mist hiding both me and the beach. My mind blanks and muscles relax as I watch the lure bob up and down with the waves. The ocean foamed as it continually hit the poles and beach creating small streaks of white, a stark contrast against the consuming darkness that toils below. I turn to look up towards town. Small dots of life flicker in the mist as the street lights get turned on. Of course, they are of no use. Only wanderers may have use of them at this hour but we never get those. 

The slight bending of my rod and the sound of the lure being swallowed by the sea broke my trance. In a flash my concentration returns and I tighten my grip, anticipating a struggle. I hold my ground as I tire out whatever is at the end, letting go of the reel for a moment only to take hold of it again, dragging it slowly closer. I see the wire moving less frantically, just a second longer I will win. I grunt as I pull my rod into the heavens along with my catch. As I bring it closer the fish flails on the line, its last effort for escape. Even though it continues its struggle in my grip I can still see that it is a bass. Healthy gray scales, about two feet long and it’s a heavy one. Many would feel a sense of pride in this capture. I have to sigh in disappointment as I cut the line and take out the hook. Would rather have a small cod, no matter the size the market accepts them this time of year. 

I throw it back into the welcoming waters and wait, a habit someone taught me. “Fish may be dumb but even the brainless know not to enter the predators lair after its hunt” I repeat under my breath. Twenty minutes should be enough; after that they should have forgotten. Once more, my mind starts to dull as the oceans whispers entrance me. I don’t have a clock with me but the yellow star starts to rear its head over the horizon, once shadows starts to form I’ll put on the bait. Not a single minute pass before I see a strong light, in the water. It darts around from side to side, shifting how deep it is by a moment’s notice. I convince myself it is a diver out to explore, not that he will see any exotic fish here. Once caught a stray nurse shark but they sleep at sunrise. The diver swims around in a deliberately random pattern up and down the pier until it stopped. He turned his light on and off three times and gave chase. Seems he found something. Whatever he was chasing moved in under the pier, determined he followed. A struggle could be heard from underneath the boards, frantic splashes and disturbed waves is all I can see of it.  It eventually ends in silence, anti-climactic from my point of view, and the diver sluggishly swims out, light above the water. I grab my rod by the windings and poke his head with the butt. “Hey moron” I say somewhat worried, “You’re not allowed to swim underneath the pier. There is plenty of dangerous stuff down there and if you drown I sure as hell won’t save you.” He turns around slowly, his light flickering, and tries to find the source of the voice. The light illuminates him; a truly monstrous creature urban legends are made of. Jaw as wide as his face, filled with sharp inward pointing teeth. Two small openings on a bump above his mouth formed his nose. The light flickered again, it hanged in front of his face, connected to the top of his head by a dorsal fin. He looked up and closed his eyes. They opened in shock, big, round yellow eyes with dark pupils which shrunk the longer we watched another. His mouth shut and fear festered in the monstrous face. As I bend forward it gets replaced by panic as he dives under water, light still flickering, and swims towards shore. I share his shock. Never have I seen something like that in my life but that feeling pales compared to the confusion of him running away. 

It was easy to see where it ran off to, down the beach towards the cliffs, so I followed it. I left my things behind on the pier. I am not worried about them being taken, not worth much, but walking in the wet footsteps of something I would have nightmares of without my knife feels wrong. It is quick in the water, faster than I would have expected, but on land it could not be faster than a man. It is sloppy also, I’m not experienced in tracking but the wet marks on the rocks and the still flickering light made this easy. The, obvious, trail lead me to a cavern in the side of a tall cliff. Shaped over millennium, still growing, undisturbed by the citizens of Drakebrook for who knows how long. I broke this peace with a determined step and searched for the light. 

“Seems to go on forever” I whisper as I search every nook, cranny and small alcove this cave has to offer. I don’t even attempt to make my search discrete, whatever creature the deep sea has spat out is clearly more afraid of me than what I am of it. My efforts seem fruitless as I continue to wander the cavern, not a single light in sight. I stop to consider what way I should take to go back, my sight no longer able to penetrate the darkness. Then I hear a drop of water hit the ground. The flow continues, spattering against the rocky floor somewhere in front of me. I move ever so lightly forward, painfully aware of every noise my clothes and steps make, as I approach the sound. The passage got uneven, changing from being weathered by time to a chaotic mess of rocks, sharp stalactites and holes. A muffled cry echoes through the hall as I venture towards a shifting outline in one of the holes. 

Leaning forward into the hole I see the monster curled up, pressing himself tightly into the wall. One if his hands cups the esca, sending the faint light onto his face, the other tries in vain to cover his mouth, muffling his whimpers of fear. Its eyes are strained, focused but tired, and a trail of tears can be traced from the edge of his eyes. He stops his breathing when I try to reach him, eyes pleading for me to make it quick. “Why are you scared like a lost child?” I ask, attempting to calm him. “You are the creature from the lagoon, you’re supposed to drag me under.” Still he looks at me with his strained, shivering eyes. I try to grab his arm but he presses further into rocks, cutting himself. The blood seeps from the top of his head and mixes with his tears, creating a concoction of fear and desperation. He seems determined to remain in there despite hurting himself. I sigh and give up my efforts. I leave the sniveling mess behind and try to find my way out. The sun must have risen by now. 

As I expected, the cavern is bigger than what I expected at first glance and the addition of holes in the last area does not help with the navigation. Leaning against the wall I try to trace my steps to no avail. I should have turned back the first time, then I could have at least followed the sunlight back but no I just needed to find the whimpering fish. “Why did I even feel the need” I question myself. As I ponder and berate myself over my successful but pointless adventure a couple of quiet steps can be heard. I stop my introspection and tried to find where they came from. With the fish being a coward it must be something else, idiotic of me to think nothing else lives here. The steps stop somewhere around me and I fail to find what is here. “Y-yo-you’re not gonna hurt me” a man asked meekly. I am taken aback by the presence of another person but I answer, “Not without reason. Could you help me find a way out?” The man shifts his weight from one leg to another, pondering my request. “S-sure” he answers while lighting his esca. The same confusion I felt at the pier came back in full force as I have no other to connect the voice to but the monster I chased here. “Just follow me” he said hesitantly, “don’t wander off! Please…”

The fish moved without thinking, guiding me through the twisted labyrinth sea and wind created. As I look at the passage I’ve had to pass I realize it is a wonder I even got so far in. Openings leading nowhere, rooms going in circles and holes to unexplored areas dot the upper walls. I am so distracted by these details previously hidden in the darkness that my guide had to stop and beg me to focus on him. It’s hard not to, the light he carries is the brightest thing in here, without it I would still bumble around in the dark. Eventually we see dawns first rays illuminate the cave and I can’t help but to quicken my pace, eager to get out. 

A salty breeze hits me as I stand in the entrance. While I was gone, the sun had risen, as I expected, and the morning mist has disappeared. I turn to the fish behind me and for the first time I can see him fully. I could have guessed from earlier but he is shorter than me, maybe if he stretched his back the top of his head would reach my eyes but for the moment he is hunched over. His scales are a clear navy blue which gradually turns more cyan as they get closer to his front. The same pattern goes along his arms ending with his webbed hands. He has a pair of fins on his lower arms and a bigger one which follows his back, it reminds me of a dinosaur I saw once in a museum. Contrary to the memory his legs are eerily similar to of humans, light bending of his knees and four toed feet withstanding. Surprisingly he does not have the toned body of an Olympic swimmer. He is not fat either, just some extra weight has made his stomach and other parts of his body look soft and vulnerable, an exaggerated contrast to the predator he is supposed to be. Shifting my attention to his head I look him in his eyes or attempt to. He’s turning head down and away from me, trying his hardest to not seem bothered of my inspection. I catch him staring and he drops his marbles, now heavily invested in the wall he begged me earlier to ignore. In the process I see the cuts I caused on the back of his head, bleeding a familiar red color. I take a step towards him and say “Sorry about that” as I point towards the wounds, “I can help with it, may not be a doctor but I can clean a wound.” He looks troubled as he thinks about eventually bringing his hand to the back of his head to inspect. Fight or flight seems to made him forget since he gets a worried expression when he sees the red liquid. “No…” he says abruptly and retreats into the cavern. I feel an urge to find him again and forcefully dunk his head in water, hope they don’t get infected. But a sudden reminder of my obligations quell the temptation. With hesitation in my steps I wander back to the pier and ready myself for the day. Said day will be uneventful. 

I sell the fish I’ve caught to the grocery store, the lady managing the shop is more than ecstatic to have some fresh fish in stock. She tells me that the customers often fight for the locally caught fish I bring to her shop. Don’t see why, they should go down to the pier and catch one themselves, cut the middle men and all that. Walking to work I realize I don’t actually want that. If this morning is anything to go by that fish is a fully bred idiot, he would get caught on the line and sold to a museum somewhere. “Better bring some bandages. There is a slight chance I’ll meet him tomorrow” I mumble. 

I wake up at two in the morning, earlier than I would have liked but no reason to complain. Dazed, I put on some clothes and go into the kitchen. My eyes ache as the fridge light turns on. Ignoring the pain, I see eggs and a week old ham wrapped in red and white paper. “Fried eggs and ham? Sure I can do that in ten” I groggily say to myself. After I cooked and burned my tongue on my poorly made meal I grab my bait from the fridge, my rod, some bandages and pair of bananas. With all in tow I lock my apartment and walk to the pier. 

The mist is always hangs over town the morning hours, compared to yesterday it is hanging lower and is easier to see trough. Not that I need to see through it, all I need is to feel the weight shift in my hand. To enter a deep trance in which nothing matters but this miniscule change. The ocean has always helped me with that, the rolling waves slowly crashing against the pier and a meek caress from the wind usually starts the process. But a familiar light shines from underneath the boards, silently staring. He moves around a lot, I think he is anxious about something, and disturbs the fish. He decides to swim to the other edge and dim his esca. Soon after I hear a wet hand slap against the wood and pull the rest of him out the water. Then he stops, content to stay on his side. I can well now say he is not the hardest catch; He may as well have wandered into a net on land. It is obvious he wants something. His loud whispers are repeating the same sentence, tries to at least. He fumbles, stammers or forgets a word which makes him start over. “Spit it out” I say annoyed. Suddenly I hear and feel a splash behind me. With a sigh of frustration, I take the line out the water, now way anything’s in the area now. The fish pops out the water in front of me, concealing his lower body, with an embarrassed look on him. I lean closer and ask if I scared him. “No, no way” he begins, “I wanted to surprise you a-and what better way than with a loud noise.” Yeah... I am not buying that. 

He hastily got out the water once more and sat down beside me. Looking him over with the absence of the sun he seems to fit better without it. The color of his scales blend with the dark, if it were not for his brightly glowing esca I would not be able to see him. Although, he is easily detected if you use any other of the five senses. Unable to stay put, he fiddles with his thumbs and fidget’s around. I catch him a couple of times trying to ask a question but his light flickers, a sign of nervousness, and shuts himself up. Despite his best effort I am the one to get the word in. “How’s the wounds, good I hope” I ask. He brings his hand to his head like he did yesterday and shows me his palm. “All good. See” he says enthusiastically. 

With that short interaction I have opened the flood gates, he no longer showed any signs of apprehension and he asks ten questions a minute. After getting through what feels like an interrogation the master detective remembers to ask an important question. “What’s your name? I don’t remember if you said it.” I put on fresh bait on the line and throw it in. When I hear the water break I answer, “Anthony, but everyone calls me Anon.” He thinks on it for a moment and decides he likes it. “It’s a good name Anon” he says with a wide smile. “You are a fisherman, right?” I unknowingly create a pregnant pause as I for a moment focus on the line. I give him a hasty no when I registered he asked me a question. That seems to put a stop to him. He’s looking into the waters, trying to find something to say or ask hidden in it. “What about you” I ask, deciding it was time to turn the table. He looks at me with a dumbfound expression. “You know, a name. What’s your name” I clarify.  Silence, complete silence. Not even the sea, which had gently crashed against the pier, was now as still as a lake. Whether he likes it or not the silence adds a layer of importance to his words and pressure on him. The silence breaks with an inaudible whisper, not even worthy for the wind to carry. Noticing my lack of reaction, he tries once more. “I don’t…” The message clear, I pat him on the back to stop the awkward situation. “No name? Lucky” I say pulling the line back, “Not many have the privilege of choosing their own name.” Lost, he looks for a hint of sarcasm, sadness, anything in what I just said. Putting away the rod to give him my full attention I finish my thought, “I am saying if you don’t have one why not pick one.” He puts his hand on his chin and hums. “How about… Freddi” he suggests. “Absolutely not” I answer. He falls back defeated with a sigh, either having no willpower to dispute the verdict or can’t bother coming up with a new one. “Well, I am not going to call you fish or creature, those are just bad names. How about I give you one” I propose. He gives a lifeless shrug in response. With no limitations to work with I go into overdrive trying to come up with a good name. To my disappointment I always circle back to the same one. “Rahab sound good to you” I ask disappointed in myself. The esca atop his head flashes for a moment as he repeats the name. He pulls himself back up and looks at me expectantly. “What’s the matter Rahab” I ask worried. His smile returns in a literary flash as his esca shines brighter than I have seen before. Blinded, I feel something push itself into me and hold me in place. A happy rumble vibrates my chest as Rahab hold himself close. “I love it” he says gleefully and tries to hug me harder. His joy is infectious and I can’t help but to smile myself as his soft and smooth scales rubs over my clothes. His bliss ends as abruptly as it began and he pulls himself of, excusing himself in the process. “Don’t worry. You’re the physical kind of guy, I get that” I say trying to stop his worries. As the situation cools down I remember another question I wanted to ask Rahab. “What were you doing under the pier yesterday?” His light dims and cheeks flush as he recalls what he did prior to our meeting. “I, uh, I was hunting. But I’m not that good so it escaped” he says hastily. I look down and remind myself of his plump belly. “I don’t believe you” I say poking his stomach, “You must be too good if you get a gut like this.”

The night, for once, was not silent or only for the sea to vent its frustrations. It is filled with laughter, stories and a comfort I pray will continue long after the sun rises. I share my snack when dawn breaks, the sweet taste of the fruit came shocked to Rahab. He had never tasted anything like it in his life. Makes sense, his diet is primarily fish and sweet salmon is not something I have heard of. As he savors the taste I get up and say goodbye. Clumsily he stands up, banana still in his mouth, and gives me a dejected wave back. He wanted it to last longer and I can see a hint of worry spread in him. I give him my fishing rod and he eyes it with confusion. “Now I’ll have to come back” I say walking back to town, “I’ll bring some apples next time!”

During the day my mind always wandered to Rahab in one way or another. Not that surprising, a mind tends to wander when the mundane strikes. But it feels weird what I focus on. The dumb, goofy grin, the esca betraying any chance he has at hiding emotions and the way his scales felt. As I lay in bed I remember the hug he gave me, the warmth that it radiated with. Even hours later it fills my hearth with joy, and a yearning for more. I shake these feelings away and let the exhaustion from the day take over, lulling me into a deep sleep. 

The next two weeks we met every single night and spent them together. I tried to fish and Rahab would ask questions about anything and everything. One time I asked for a silent night, to focus on the fish, but I found out rather quickly that Rahab does not enjoy it. Reminds him of the time he spent with the robed men. He does not talk much about them, I have only gathered they taught him to speak and that they, to put it dramatically, violated him and his trust. He escaped or was let out some time ago and have lived in the cave ever since. Whenever I did something that reminded him Rahab would always try to drive his mind elsewhere, bringing me in the process. It often resulted in aimless rambling but after calming down he would get back to his usual, affectionate self. Saying that he was a “physical kind of guy” was an understatement. He has gotten, I am not sure what to call it, braver during the weeks. It started simple “accidentally” brushing against my hand, leaning closer to see my catch and quick handshake goodbye. Now he is either resting his head against my lap, hugging me tightly from behind or sitting under between my legs, pressing into me. Instead of the handshake he dives right in for a hug and nuzzles into my neck. This has moved past friends hanging out to what feels like lovers cuddling, I am not sure if he has realized it. To be fair he is not entirely to blame, I could have stopped everything. I should have shown discomfort when his hand snaked under my clothes for warmth but that would have been a lie. The feeling of his arm, cold tough it was, against my skin was new, for the lack of a better word. The act alone showed a trust that I could not imagine when I saw him frightened against the wall. It feels good knowing that someone puts so much faith in me. But the heart craves more. I imagine his delicate scales in the night, exploring every inch of my body, and it stirs indecent thoughts.

Tonight I did not bring anything except Rahabs favorite fruit, bananas weirdly enough. He enjoyed the oranges I brought him last week more but he whines if I do not bring the yellow fruit with me. The reason why I did not bring the bait and rod is because I do not want any distractions tonight. I take my seat and wait for Rahab to show. Forty minutes have passed with no sign of him. Worry festers in me as I try to remember how long he usually takes. Soon enough it takes over and decides to that I should look for him. 

I walk to the cliffs carefully stepping on the slippery rocks, last time I had some sunlight to help now it feels nigh impossible. I slip on my next step but manage to jump to the next rock in panic. The next I am not so lucky; I slide of the rock into the caverns opening, landing on my back. I get up, muttering a swear, and shout Rahabs name. I get a short hey in response as he walks out the shadows. “Good to see you” I say in relief, “You weren’t there and I started to worry. For nothing I see now.” The esca shined brightly at the words, betraying the anxious smile he held. “I’m sorry! I hoped you would come later” he admits sheepishly, “I was trying to…plan for something.” The last part was reluctant, as if he forced himself to say it. I smile, curious about the plan, and probe him to tell me more. My attempt is met with a sudden panic for my health. I landed pretty bad he says and the only way to tell if I’m fine is for him to see clearly, meaning no shirt. I feel fine, just sore, but I comply and take it off. “I wanted to check on him when he got hurt. It’s only fair if I allow him to worry” I think as I feel Rahabs gaze on my back. I sit down to show him my back, the cold wind strikes and I tense up on instinct. Rahab follows with an audible gulp and starts to inspect my revealed back. He decides that looking is not efficient and says he would have to touch, purely to see if he can press out some blood he assures me. Any semblance of confidence evaporated once he placed his webbed hands on my back. He is shaking and the esca flickers vigorously. I feel the soft scales press and prod my back in excitement. He would trace my spine with his claw and seemingly forget himself and grope my front. His intentions are not as altruistic as he first let on but he has made my blood flow rapidly from the exploring hands, maybe too quickly. I sense my pants getting all too tight at the treatment and I can imagine a wet spot has formed on my underwear. I wonder if this was a part of his plan or he just took the chance. His hands trail dangerously close to my forming erection, searching for something to grip. “See any cuts Rahab” I ask him quickly. A confused hum vibrated in his throat before breaking his trance. “Y-y-Yeah… No! I mean, I can’t see any cuts” he says backing off. I turn around, ass still on the floor, and face Rahab. Awkward is how I would describe his posture; His upper body is turned so half of it faces me while his legs face away, folded up but giving some space between them. Unsure of what to do with his hands he cups them and places them between his thighs. Seems that I am not the only one with a hardening problem. Joy and lust combine at the idea but I need to stay cool. We will take this at his pace. I also want to see what else he has planned. 

Minutes pass in an awkward silence. The few conversations we have tried to have feels strained and tense. At one point Rahab suggested I should put on my shirt again but I decided against it, even if the wind will fight with him. Seeing his esca flicker as he, not so, sneakily ogles my chest and crotch is a delight. Not to say I am not taking in the sights myself, the way his body twists in an attempt to hide his shame gives me a good view of his backside. Rahab spots something in my pants and musters the strength to open his mouth. “I-is that a, come on think of something, banana in your pocket or…” he attempts to say teasingly. To his dismay I take out the snacks I prepared and ask if he is hungry. Half of a defeated oh escaped him before he snatched one of the bananas out of my hand with renewed determination. He peeled the skin of and put the tip of it into his maw carefully, he did not want the teeth to touch it. His tongue snaked out under the fruit and swirled around it, tasting the sweet nectar and letting out an exaggerated moan. Not sure where he learned this, he didn’t even know what a fruit was two weeks ago, not that I am complaining. He locks his yellow, half-lidded eyes with mine and pushes the fruit further in. Sadly, he goes too far and gags on it, coughing and accidentally crushing the banana in the process. I try my best to stifle a laugh but the damage is already done. Tears start to form in the corner of Rahabs eyes from the embarrassment as he idly laps the crushed meat in his hand. 

He has been pouting for a while now, refusing to say if he is okay or not. We both sit face to face, the heat of the moment long passed, and enjoy each other’s company. I break the silence, “You are not yourself today”.  Rahab lifts his head slowly, forcing his eyes to meet mine. It has been obvious why he acts this way but I want him to say it. “Whatever it is you are going trough I hope you feel safe enough to share it” I say feigning ignorance, “Might have only known you for a couple of weeks but you’re a good friend of mine.” At those words he shuts his eyes and jumps forward, locking his arms around my neck and planting his lips on mine. His esca is going haywire, flashing wildly as he remains in place. I can tell he has not kissed before, his lips remain locked and he does not try to open mine but I patiently wait until he finishes. Feeling content, he takes his lips of mine and looks down. “I feel more than safe with you” Rahab stammers out, “and and I see you as more than a friend.” He starts to explain himself, knowing this will ruin the moment I take a hold of his chin and force it up. A Longing, a hunger, a need grows in me as I stare into the sunlight eyes filled with hope. I open his mouth slightly, letting his tongue lol out, and say that he is a terrible kisser before shutting him up by kissing him back full force.

The kiss was quicker than I had hoped. The alien feeling of our tongues dancing together made Rahab fall backwards, still locked by his arms I followed. Propping myself up above him I see a mere trace of the hunger I feel form and his arms are still locked around my neck. Even then his breathing is heavy and I feel something poking my leg so it’s clear he liked it. Flustered beyond belief with the deepest shade of blue I have ever seen on his cheeks. “I, uh. Sorry, can we try again” he asks eagerly. I take it slower this time, settling on trailing kisses up his neck as warm up. I admit, kissing his scales is a strange feeling. It’s malleable but remains taut as I press my lips onto it, making him jump and shiver as I travel up the neck. Eventually there was no more neck and I hover an inch above him, his lips already parted asking for a deep, long, loving kiss. I have already granted one wish, may as well grant one more. Rahab still tensed up but with nowhere to run he accepted my kiss. The wide mouth made my experience moot but the moaning beneath me told me I did great anyway. I fence with his tongue, as wide as it may be he does not attempt to fight back, letting me freely explore his mouth and taste him. His esca shines brightly, too bright, I have to close my eyes to not get blinded. I lose the track of time as the moaning got louder underneath and Rahabs hands unlocked to stroke whatever he could reach. I start to feel dizzy and the burning in my lungs say I have done this for far too long, has to be an end to everything. I break the hold and push myself up as a rope of saliva extends between us. The cave fills with heavy panting as we both try to fill our lungs. Involuntarily, Rahab humps my leg bringing attention to his erection. It’s about six and a half inches, nothing to complain about, and has ridges on it leading to a thick base. I take a hold of it, it’s bendy and heavily lubricated. Rahab shut his eyes at the touch and whimpered as I stroked it, his pre flows steadily out at the touch. I feel a devious smile spread across me as I start to pump the slick member hard and fast. Rahab buries his face in my chest and screams, the sensation proving to be too much for him. After a minute of alternating between long, short, hard and messy strokes I feel his body tense up, see his light go out and feel something hitting my chest. Afterward he melts into a gibbering mess, barely holding onto my body as he rides out is orgasm. He left a long, sticky, white mess on his torso, he is not done however as some ropes still shoot out his dick. 

While he lays there enjoying himself I get all too aware of the strained fabric of my pants. I unbutton them and hook my thumb under booth my pants and underwear but I get stopped by Rahab. “Le-let me do it” he says gripping my wrist. I stand up and help him on his knees. There he sits, crotch to face, and slowly pulls my trousers off, his light strobing in rhythm to his heart. I kick them away as he looks at the bulge in my underpants. He opens his mouth and licks my dick trough the cloth, taking longer when he reaches the wet spot. Two licks are enough as appetizers as he backs off and pushes his thumbs under the waist band. Slowly he pulls them down letting the pulsing member bend down with it. One last pull and it is freed, bouncing up and hitting his nose leaving a mark of pre on it. Once he opened his eyes from the surprise hit his gaze glued stuck on the pole in front of him. I would at best say I am above average, with some heavy balls if my previous partners are to be trusted, but he was enamored with it, staring intently as it pulsed with the beat of my heart. He moved forward and put his nose in my sack, feeling the heat radiate from them. A slight amount of terror jumped through me as he opened his mouth and I was reminded of his several sharp teeth. Luckily my fears are baseless as he starts to lick my testes, almost savoring the taste as he dragged it up to the head. Now it is my turn to shiver, the strong wet muscle sends lightning bolts of pure pleasure up my spine, making my knees shake in the process. His process is simple but effective, start by rolling the balls with the tongue then drag it up the underside, add some sloppy licks on the sides and my cock is as slick as his. One of his hands grips his once more hardening dick and the other my thigh, keeping his balance as he brings my erection into his maw. He does not close it to my delight and surprise rather he exhales, mixing the cold wind with his hot, needy breath. I grunt as the shifting heat drives me closer and shoots some pre onto his tongue. The surprise thankfully makes him back off, unable to decide whether he likes the taste or not. 

As he contemplates if he can get used to the taste I push him down on the floor, my body atop his. I trace my hand across his pudgy belly, down his crotch, stroke his member and finally stop by his taint, massaging it slightly. As soft as the scales already are they get softer the closer I get to his cheeks. I take the final step and start kneading his ass, fingers sinking slightly into the supple flesh. Rahab sighs, content with the service I am giving him. Steadily, my fingers snake into between the cheeks, looking for his hole. His esca goes out and his whole body tenses up as I find what I was looking for. I circle and pressure the unwavering hole with my index finger to no success. As a distraction I bite his neck. He muffles a whimper with his hand, I can feel it loosening. From the bite I drag my tongue up over his throat as his light start to strobe. Taking the hand away from the mouth I dive in for a kiss which he accepts and relaxes into. Breaking the kiss, I whisper how he can handle. With a quick breath I am inside him, knuckle deep. I wait, kissing his neck as he gets used to the finger. Feeling the grip lighten I start to pump the finger in and out. Rahab closes his eyes and focuses on relaxing, esca dimming in the process. After a few gentle motions I have buried my finger to the second knuckle. Although, he needs to be stretched out more. I move the finger around, looking for a bump inside. To my surprise I find two of what I believe to be prostates side by side. I press on one of them. Rahab opens his mouth in a soundless scream and locks both his legs and arms around me. “It’s okay” I say trying to soothe him. As he calms down I press the index finger into the tight ring eventually having two digits inside his warm ass. 

I continue with the stretching, pressing either one or both his buttons to make him relax. Every time I do that I feel his member jump into my stomach, squirting a liberal amount of pre on both of us. Despite the best of my efforts he still hangs onto me, the esca shining more and more he gets used to the feeling. I spread my fingers and look for a reaction. He is not in pain; The low rumblings could be seen as pleasure. I ask him if he is ready, he nods into my shoulder and licks it. Carefully I remove my fingers from his ass and line up my cock with it. Placing my hands on his pudgy hips I press forward. We groan in unison as I feel the wet warmth surround my dick and he stretches his ass a bit more. Only my cock head is in but he clamps down hard, his esca flickering nervously. Eventually, after many breaks and encouraging words, I hilt inside him, feeling his soft ass rest against my crotch. 

We stay like this for a while, savoring each other’s warmth and pleasure. “Y-you can start now” Rahab says, his voice quivering. I pull out until my head remains inside and slowly push it back in. I brush up against his prostates and feel the passage tighten as he takes a sharp breath of air. Not letting it stop me I force my dick the rest of the way in, making his ass shake in the motion. I give him a shorter thrust, trying to focus on his prostates, and he digs his fingers into my back. The sharp claws break the skin as I feel blood start to trickle out down it. “I am definitely hurt now” I think to myself. As payback I shift stance to a better position and start to increase the speed of the thrusts, giving him no time to rest. Still his fingers dig deeper but the burning I feel on my back is nothing compared to the amusement of hearing the short sheepish moans that Rahab fails to stop. The light rocking motion I had at the start is nowhere to be seen, now the cave is filled with the claps of hips meeting each other and the grunts, moans and whimpers the both of us let out. From what I can tell Rahab enjoys this about as much as I do, his yellow eyes have disappeared into himself and the esca shines in time with my tempo, a great motivator. 

A familiar pressure is building in the base of my dick as I continue to hump the whimpering fish. I stop immediately with most of my member outside the warm, silk soft ass. Sweat rolls down my forehead as I pant greedily for air. Rahab shifts under me, hardening his grip on my back pulls himself up to my ear. “Don’t stop” he pleads before trying his best to kiss me. I gather the last of my strength and push myself back in, miraculously not cumming on entry. I fail to stay focused and let my thrusts become erratic as I edged ever closer to the finish. Poor Rahab does not have the time to breath between me constantly hitting his prostate and biting into his neck. On one extra forceful thrust I accidentally made both his prostates take the full force of it. What was once a soundless scream became a roar as his hole tightened and esca turned to the bright radiance he has when he cums. And cum he did, he coated both of our chests once more in his sticky seed and like last time there seems to be no end to it. I did not stop, I kept humping the spasming hole for all I could. The contraction takes me over the edge and I freeze inside him, letting the indecent thoughts I have had over the nights paint his guts white. After three thick ropes I pull out and let the rest shoot onto his cheeks. 

There is nothing, the cold wind, the rising dawn, not even the flow of time can be felt. We lie here on the hard floor and bask in the comforting warmth of our shared afterglow. I lean in for a for a kiss only to be met with desperate panting and a lolled out tongue. A layer of regret forms inside, I seem to have overdone. His eyes are half-lidded, his black iris have gone into hiding in them, and his esca has dulled to but a shimmer of the power it had before. He is barely conscious, holding tightly onto me as if he would lose himself if he let go. My body aches as I force it into an upright position, carrying Rahab along with me. The motion shook him awake. He looks up, preparing to say something but instead holds his tongue and rests his head on my chest. Within moments, his exhaustion shows as his breaths deepen to a steady pace. He nuzzles my neck sending one last shiver down my spine before his eyes close. I sit perfectly still, not wanting to disturb the now sleeping monster, and return his hug. The position is uncomfortable, even if I wanted to sleep I can’t, but I persevere, hoping this is only a short nap. “I would like to shower before work, I cannot walk in covered in fish cum” I think as I rest my head atop his. As his esca strobes peacefully I decide whether I am late, dirty or distracted it does not matter. In this moment I just want to be close to him.
