Today was horrible.

Just like yesterday, and the day before that, and the one before that, too. Just like every day in recent memory, come to think of it.

Work has left you hallow, drained and lacking any energy or emotion. Riding the train back to your home, your hand hangs loosely to the ceiling hanger to keep you in place, your eyes idly wandering around the car. Everyone looks just like you: depressed, distressed, and miserable. Just another day.

With a silent, heaving sigh you pull out your phone and open up Twitter, hoping that the algorithm will show you those cute anime girls that manage to soothe your soul. That website is a trash fire to be sure, but it does have its uses sometimes. Plenty of cute girls, cute animals, and a plethora of easily accessible porn for when you're feeling in the mood. Your mind flashes a warning thought through your brain, warning you that you shouldn't be doing this because of what others might see and think, but you dismiss it quickly; you're 3X years old and you don't care what anyone else thinks. You're an adult, they're strangers who you'll likely never meet again, and it just doesn't matter in the end.

The train jostles as it travels along, up and down, side to side on the rails, as your thumb continues to swipe your phone from bottom to top, but as you're scrolling, your eyes catch something...a rather salacious artistic image of a red-haired, twin-tailed girl. You immediately recognize her as a streamer you've kept your eye on for some time. A girl who stylizes herself as a pirate captain, yet she looks like she would instead be ravished by the same pirates she would associate with.

The artwork your eyes are affixed to is rather lewd; while she's in her iconic outfit, the artist positioned her in such a way that you're given a tasteful view of her from behind. Her outfit is tight and form-fitting, and definitely shows off her ample assets, which consist of a pair of cleavage that you could drown in, to say nothing of what her lower body offers. Your eyes start to follow the curves of her thick thighs and ass, slowly switching to her beautiful hips, and then to her chest, drinking in the details at every moment. Whoever did this deserves praise, if not a slap on the back and a few free beers. Your addled brain has been shaken out of its work-induced stupor, and you click on the art tag to see more. Some are rather tame in comparison, some are...more explicit. But you find yourself continuing on and on, searching for more of this girl to satisfy your needs.

It's only after a while you notice that someone is directly behind you, pressed against you in the cramped confines of the train. You can feel your arm enveloped by fatty tissue, and the hot breath from their lips against your ears. You briefly pause and fight off a cold sweat. 'Is someone watching me?' 'Who could it be?' 'He feels like a sweaty old man.' 'I should turn around and confront them.' 'I bet it's a fat ojii-san with a massive belly.' You take a deep breath to steady yourself, and turn around to face them.

What your eyes are met with is not the embodiment of the cuckold king, but a pair of piercing eyes. One yellow, the other red. A girl stands pressed against you, dressed messily in a hoodie that cannot hide her bright crimson hair nor adequately conceal her heaving chest and ample body. A pair of fogged glasses hang loosely on her nose, as if they're about to fall off at any moment. As you stare at her, she stares back at you, her eyes quickly darting from yours down to your phone -- which is frozen on an image of her in another lewd pose and outfit -- and back again. You try to summon your courage and say something, but no words come out. Your gaze is fixed on her face and those eyes.

This continues for what seems like hours, but could only be seconds, as she keeps looking between you and the image of her. Her chest rises and falls in quick bursts as she continues to look back and forth. Her cheeks become as red as her hair as she looks, and finally she stops to look you dead in the eyes. She swallows, her throat visibly bulging from the effort, before she opens her mouth and utters a single word.

"Ahoy."