`ENTER: GEORGIA DOLITTLE, a plain woman of indeterminate ethnic origin whose dark hair has been tied back in a tight bun, stands outside a small but sturdy cabin. Her hands are drenched in blood. As the door opens, the shrill cry of a newborn baby echoes from indoors as MR COLTON, a bearded man, joins her on the veranda. His jaw is clenched beneath his facial hair, but he remains steadfastly courteous.`

`MR COLTON: Thank you, Ms Dolittle. My family is in your debt.`
`GEORGIA: Think nothing of it, Mr Colton.`
`MR COLTON: Is there anything that my congregation can do for you?`

`GEORGIA turns to stare out at the town. Dozens of cabins have been arranged in a roughly gridlike pattern, and rough-looking men patrol the streets (which aren't really streets, but rather rudimentary pathways pretending to be streets). Pale faces peek from windows. She turns back to MR COLTON, clocking the crucifix above his door.`

`GEORGIA: Well, if you have any ammunition to spare, I would be very grateful.`
`MR COLTON: Why, that goes without saying. We'd be more than happy to put you up in one of our spare cabins for the night. Food, of course, will be provided. Water, for bathing.`

`He hesitates.`

`MR COLTON: And, ah... your beasts...`
`GEORGIA: Whatever spare meat you have will do, Mr Colton. Bones are fine, too. Oh, and if I may -`

`She raises her bloodstained hands. MR COLTON does not flinch, but he nevertheless stills almost imperceptibly at the grisly sight.`

`GEORGIA: Some hot water to clean my hands in would be greatly appreciated. Thank you very much.`

`CUT TO: GEORGIA DOLITTLE, standing alone inside a cabin. As she scrubs the blood off her hands inside an ivory washbasin filled with hot water, we see that her sleeves are rolled up. She is wearing a loose jacket over a camo-coloured tank top, but everything below her breasts is concealed beneath overlapping layers of fabric - rather like a tent.`

`BOB: He's furious, you know.`
`GEORGIA: I know.`
`BOB: He's going to have you lynched as a witch for delivering him a three-eyed boy.`
`GEORGIA: That, I did not know. And to think I thought he was taking it awfully well for a religious man.`
`BOB: There is a high probability that the mutation originated from his branch of the family. He has a surgical scar on his hand reminiscent of polydactyly.`

`BOB's voice is low and gravelly, echoing off the walls of GEORGIA's mind. Her lips do not move. After she finishes scrubbing her hands clean, she crosses to the windows and closes them, then draws the curtains. After this, she enters the bathroom to turn on the tap. The table is not yet set. GEORGIA moves to the front door and opens it; her skirts swish as she moves, with an audible clanking sound, as though there is a great deal of metal concealed within. There is a MAN standing outside; he jerks as she pokes her head out. The sun is setting.`

`GEORGIA: Sorry for that. Uh, I'm going to be taking a shower, so...`
`MAN: Understood. You won't be disturbed.`
`GEORGIA: Thank you. My apologies for the fuss.`

`GEORGIA retreats indoors and closes the door, then backs away into the bathroom before shutting that door as well. She unties her hair, shaking it as it falls down past her shoulders. As before, she closes the windows and draws the curtains in the bathroom. Then, with a practiced flick of her hand, she removes a sub-machine gun from her dress, placing it within arm's reach of her bathtub. There follows several magazines loaded to the brim with ammunition, which she arranges meticulously on a nearby table. At the same time, the fabric concealing her abdomen and lower body begins to fall away, layer by layer, revealing a massive, fleshy dome jutting out from her torso.`

`GEORGIA: When is he planning to do the deed?`
`BOB: I don't know. I was only able to register the fact that he intended to kill you, not the method he planned to employ.`
`GEORGIA: I suppose it can't be helped.`

`There is a leather belt encircling the circumference of her grotesquely swollen stomach; it contains four knives. As GEORGIA continues to undress, gradually revealing her true form, it becomes clear that there are four sinuous, whiplike tentacles protruding at irregular intervals from her belly. They twitch, removing the knives from where they have been mounted on the belt, and lay them with exacting precision beside the sub-machine gun.`

`BOB: Let me help you.`
`GEORGIA: Gee, thanks.`
`BOB: Anytime.`

`BOB's voice is dry.`

`BOB: I suppose we're going to activate Contingency Alpha.`
`GEORGIA: Guns blazing? Yes.`
`BOB: It's a shame. I know I was looking forward to dinner.`
`GEORGIA: It is what it is.`

`The tentacles slither downwards to help GEORGIA out of her shoes, even as she sheds her jacket, tank top, and miscellaneous undergarments. The tap slowly shuts off on its own. Once she is completely naked, GEORGIA sinks into the bathtub and sighs, steam rising all around her. The tension falls off her shoulders.`

`GEORGIA: Ah, heaven.`

`CUT TO: An enclosure on the outside of town. There are four animals held inside the enclosure. The first, a squat, strong chimpanzee named OSWALD, cocks his head.`

`BOB: Oswald.`
`OSWALD: Bob. Are we leaving?`
`BOB: On my signal.`

`OSWALD's mental voice is smooth and, incongruously, carries a vague Cockney accent. At the chimpanzee's feet, MILDRED, a monstrous boar with wickedly sharp tusks, noses in the dirt. HECTOR, a vulture with a wingspan roughly the height of a teenage boy, struts atop the fence comprising the enclosure. There are two men guarding the enclosure; one of them is dozing off. HECTOR turns to look at OSWALD, BOB's psychic presence looming over both of them. The vulture's mental voice is low and husky, as though there is something in his throat.`

`HECTOR: I want meat.`
`OSWALD: You'll get it.`
`BOB: Patience, Hector. You'll have first pick of the meat.`

`The two animals swing around to look at VICTOR, GEORGIA's mount and an enormous wolf roughly the size of a car. There is a specially-constructed saddle atop VICTOR's immense, furry back, atop which a machine-gun has been mounted. VICTOR is currently curled up in a ball, sleeping. Delicately, OSWALD lopes over and taps VICTOR on the snout. The wolf stirs. His mental voice is surprisingly high-pitched.`

`VICTOR: Yes?`
`BOB: Get ready to run.`
`VICTOR: Alright.`

`Easily, OSWALD pulls himself up and over the fence. This settlement was not prepared to house creatures like themselves. As he lands in front of the two men, his fists lash out, swift and violent, and knock their heads together in such a way as to render them both thoroughly concussed. The chimpanzee riffles through their pockets before producing a keyring.`

`MILDRED: You should have saved one for me.`

`Her mental voice is velvety, reproachful. OSWALD spares her a shrug.`

`CUT TO: GEORGIA, drying her hair. She has thrown her clothes back on, and her dirty undergarments are now stored securely inside her laundry bag. Her crossbody satchel, which contains various medical implements, has been packed as well. From between the folds of her skirts, there is the glint of steel. Standing in the main body of the cabin, she rolls her shoulders and twists her neck from side to side, spine popping.`

`GEORGIA: There's no back-door.`
`BOB: I suspect that this is where they send outsiders whom they don't intend to survive the night.`
`GEORGIA: Do you think they'll come for us with pitchforks and torches?`
`BOB: I hope not. By that point, it'll be too late.`
`GEORGIA: Remember that settlement down south that burnt its witches?`
`BOB: Yes.`
`GEORGIA: We should burn them first.`

`In the distance, a wolf howls. The sound echoes into the night, louder than it has any right to be, and is picked up by a dozen more wolves, joining their voices to the chorus. GEORGIA's neck prickles, and she pulls her sub-machine gun out of her skirt. BOB twists the door handle open, and GEORGIA steps out onto the veranda, only to be confronted by a smattering of townsfolk toting pitchforks and torches. There are around five or six of them, and they don't seem to be very prepared as of yet, glancing at one another as if waiting for a sign. As she steps out onto the porch, they turn to her, surprised.`

`GEORGIA: Gentlemen.`

`The townsfolk open their mouths, but are forced to jump out of the way as VICTOR rushes down the street, his massive head high enough to look an average-sized man in the eye. OSWALD is standing atop VICTOR's back, one hand handling the reins even as the other grasps the saddle-mounted machine-gun.`

`GEORGIA: Are we going to have a problem?`
`MR COLTON: Ms Dolittle!`

`GEORGIA turns. MR COLTON is standing behind her, a dozen armed townsfolk at his back.`

`BOB: He's going to kill you.`
`GEORGIA: I know.`

`She clears her throat.`

`GEORGIA: Mr Colton! I've just gotten word that I'm needed in the north. I'm terribly sorry, but I think I'm going to have to leave early. Thank you for your hospitality?`
`MR COLTON: Why leave? You haven't even picked up your bullets yet.`

`There is the distinctive sound of firearms being cocked.`

`MR COLTON: As a matter of fact, I got some bullets for you right here.`
`GEORGIA: Mr Colton, I'm not sure what I've done to -`
`MR COLTON: You clearly don't think I'm a fit host. That's enough of an insult. We pride ourselves on being good hosts, Ms Dolittle. We really do.`
`BOB: Oswald. On my mark...`
`GEORGIA: Mr Colton, you gave me your word that I'd be able to depart unmolested. I even left my armor atop my mount.`
`BOB: Now.`

`As MR COLTON winds up for another self-important spiel, OSWALD lets loose a spine-chilling howl and points the machine-gun at his posse. Bullets spray from atop VICTOR's back as men leap to the side to avoid getting hit. While the crowd is in an uproar, GEORGIA clambers atop VICTOR's back, helped along by OSWALD up top and VICTOR lowering himself to the ground for a moment. Within seconds, she's good and seated, tying herself tight. Without staying to take in their reactions, VICTOR wheels around and begins to lope back where he came from. The settlement is so small that they are out in less than a minute.`

`GEORGIA: Where's Mildred? Hector?`
`BOB: Mildred's en route. Oswald killed a horse for Hector. I don't think they'll be able to pick him out from amongst the crowd of vultures that've descended upon the corpse.`
`GEORGIA: Well, he'd better come along quickly. It would be a terrible waste to lose him after all this while. What's the next settlement called?`
`BOB: The Mike Clattenburg Memorial Trailer Park.`
`GEORGIA: The what?`
`BOB: They call it the Mackamtop for short. It's fairly cosmopolitan. Its environs are patrolled by a gang calling themselves the Highway Patrol.`
`GEORGIA: Didn't we run across another gang calling themselves the same name a few months back?`
`BOB: It is likely a pre-war organization. I told you this.`
`GEORGIA: I have a bad memory. Sue me.`