Night had just begun to fall over Hogwarts, students doing their best to get back to their common rooms before the prefects started deducting points or giving detentions. Two of the most jovial girls in the school giggling as they snuck through the halls. Having decided it was easier to avoid the Hufflepuff prefects instead of the Slytherin ones, much less likely to get a detention that way! What was the worst that could happen? Ioni was a deputy because of one of the Hufflepuff prefects, he would give her a slap on the wrists and they would be able to go right to bed.

For most of their travels they were able to avoid them, having to duck into one of the supply closets to stay out of sight of one of the Ravenclaw prefects. Giving each other a quick kiss before quickly sprinting through the castle, getting to the great hall after escaping Peeves. Giving a quick look back to make sure the poltergeist wasn’t following them, accidentally bumping into the chest of Faolán, right on his way out of the common room to do his nightly patrol. A brow raised as he looked at them, seeing a bit of nervousness as he asked what they were doing out so late.

Both quickly blurted out two separate excuses, an audible sigh coming from him in return. Rubbing his eyes underneath his glasses, giving them the offer. He could deduct points from both of their houses or give them a personal punishment, it was their choice. Both looked at each other and got closer to whisper without him knowing. They had heard the rumors about Faolán of course but there was no real proof, though they would decide that if it was what they thought it was, that it would be fun to see what it was he meant last time there was a bit of flirting between them and him. In unison saying that they would take the personal punishment.

He didn’t give them a verbal response, instead squatting down and wrapping his arms around both of their legs. Hoisting them over his shoulders and turning around and starting to carry them back to the common room. A light flush grew on their faces as they realized very quickly that it was what they thought it was. Both trying their best to hide their faces out of at least some embarrassment, though the pink beret Ioni wore made it obvious who she was. Both lightly bounced as they were brought to Hufflepuff’s barrel doors, being turned to face it “open it”.

 Florana shyly reached forward, starting to do the Hufflepuff knock. The panels of the barrel flipped and shifted out of the way like a puzzle would. The girls were carried inside and right past the students that were relaxing on the couches and chairs in the room. They turned their faces away to hide them once again, trying not to make it too obvious what was about to happen. Both carried into the fifth year boy’s room, fortunately for them it was empty and were very shortly dropped onto the bed nearest to the large closet. The door closed behind them as Faolán gave a smug look at them as he took his robes off.

They were both good individually, but together they were truly something unique. That shyness and fluster faded into the same jovial personality they had before they were caught. Slipping hands into each other’s clothing and starting to unbutton, unfasten, and disrobe each other. Smiling and giving each other sweet little kisses as they did. Only stopping once they had gotten down to their panties. Turning to lay back on the bed, looking towards Faolán who had stopped at his pants, revealing the musculature of his chest for them to see. Licking his lips as he glanced at The Flower and The Bee.

“What was that about big hands Florana~?” He didn’t give them any real time to answer. His hands grasped at both of their bottoms, giving a firm squeeze and lifting them slightly off of the bed. He pulled the two of them close to his body, one on either side of him as he let his hands roam their bodies. He had been tempted by them both before, but only now did he have the opportunity to have them and he was going to savor every moment that he had of it. The two girls took full advantage of being so close, letting their hands roam and touch along him as well. Simultaneously reaching down to feel into his pants and see what they would be working with. Florana getting a bit wide eyed and nervous, Ioni bit her lip and looked up at Faolán with a look of anticipation.

“Which one wants it first?” Ioni quickly spoke up, saying that if he wanted to breed Florana, he would have to breed her first. With a shrug and a nod he pulled both of them down onto the bed. Letting the two of them handle his pants as his hands continued to tease at their asses. Slipping his hands into those white boyshorts and striped panties. Rubbing a finger along their clits and sliding two others inside of them. Gently motioning and swirling them within them. Licking his lips as he heard those soft moans come from the two girls, watching them squirm and twist to point their lower halves towards him. Licking up and down along either side of his cock. His fingers made both of them continue to moan, letting it be muffled by the large cock in front of them.

Ioni wrapped her lips around the tip of his shaft as Florana moved lower to work on the base. “Nngh '', Faolán let out his own series of guttural moans and shifted his hips to push more into Ioni’s mouth. Pulling his fingers out of them and hooking them into their panties, yoinking them down to their knees and giving both bottoms a quick smack. Quickly going back to fingering the two of them while they kept preparing the hound to breed them both properly. It would come soon enough as well, another smack went to the other side of their asses. His body slid up as he rubbed a hand down their backs, giving a gentle caress as he reached their heads. Giving gentle pets and rubs as they arch their backs to tempt him. Swaying their asses back and forth to tease him.

The beast lined himself up with Ioni’s slit, grasping at her hip with one hand while the other hand pushed his fingers right back into Florana. Pushing himself forward to slide deep into Ioni, not stopping until he was firmly hilted, pressing his hips against her ass. Slowly rocking and making it bounce with each thrust deep into her. Those fingers were pulled out of Florana and reached down to grasp and pull her up closer again. Pressing his lips to hers in a rather forceful way. “You’ll both be good girls when I’m done~”. That flush returned to her face as she swayed in his grasp.

As the night went on, it would not simply be one breeding for each of them. Faolán swapped back and forth between the two of them. Taking them in a different position each time, having Florana bounce herself on top of him, both of them on their backs with their legs spread, even standing and holding them as he kept breeding them. Leaving the two girls worn out and cum-filled and coated messes. Leaving no doubt that the two of them were properly bred by the hound. All of them nude and laid back onto one bed, Faolán rubbing his hands through their hair. Gently petting again as they cuddled into his sides, agreeing to do it just this once for the special occasion. A quiet muttering coming from one of them that they might have to get caught again later.
