Rosethorn Questionnaire
Myoga Inigo (Ryu-Kishi)

>Do you look up to any Pro Heroes? What about them seems like a shining example of a hero to you?
 ~~I really look up to our teacher Rosethorn, I find her beautiful and mindblowingly-sexy. I hope she gives me a good grade. I'd be in such big trouble if I fail. I'd do "anything" for a good grade. Anything. Sempai, should I stay after class and we could~~ ****Dragon clawmarks**** Out of all the Pro Heroes, I have several that I look up to. I got posters of Dragoon Hero: Ryukyu,  Beautiful Water Fowl Hero, Flamingal, and even Flame Strike Hero: Honoken (she's pretty hot!). But the one I look up to the most is Akagi Sanpatchi, the Clown Hero: Popsy, I never really liked heroes until she came along. It just seemed kinda lame, multiple heroes ganging up on a villain or monster. I always sympathized with the monster more, and then Popsy got me to see things differently. Her quirk was fun, and it's kinda like mine. She can't really control it normally, but she found a way to work with it. She was also famous and popular, but then the world flipped and everyone was suddenly against her.  I had a favorite video that I watched over and over again as a kid, it was this scene where Popsy came out of a burning building holding rescued civilians in a comical giant net, and she goes "Fear not citizens. Popsy's arrived. Where am I again?", she was clearly a little drunk and confused, yet she still gave the people around her hope, she did it with a smile and she was still trying!  I know things didn't end up too well for her, but I still believe in her. She still kept trying through scandal after scandal, she was rescuing people while the news was badmouting her. If they gave her proper credit for her villain takedowns, she'd be top 5!  That's the kind of hero I want to be. Someone who doesn't care about rumors or what people think or where people came from, I want to be a shining knight that everyone can count on.

>What are some nuances to your quirk you think others should know?
Firstly, people should know that I only have one construct and that's my dragon Gigan, but it can break off pieces of itself. Each piece lasts about 30 seconds, and I don't have control of those pieces. It's just like when you pull a strand of hair off your head, that's still you technically. Gigan could transform into what appears to be multiple things, but they're linked together by strands. Breaking those connections causes smaller pieces to vanish in 30 seconds or cause the whole thing to just not function. Gigan's also always around. I don't really have a way to get rid of it, trust me I tried, if it's ever completely destroyed it just re-appears as a tiny green egg floating next to me.  It can take up to a full minute for me to concentrate if I want to recall Gigan to my side.  If it's only a couple of meters away, I can recall it in a second. I don't really have full control of my quirk. If we're working together, know that Gigan refuses to kill or do anything it considers evil. I  can't lie or deceive my quirk, cause it knows what I'm thinking, but I can bargain with it. I also can't hide from Gigan since we share our senses. Just know Gigan has a bunch of rules that needs to be followed, or it might end up attacking us, like never ever feed it after midnight. 


>What role do you find yourself most suited for?
I'm a big generalist, jack-of-all-trades, in that I can do a lot with my quirk, I just need some time to set up and think of ways to use it creatively. Gigan scales off our shared willpower, so if I'm doing something that Gigan really wants to do, I'm more effective. That's usually rescuing people and moving civilians, so I think I'd be a good rescue hero. 

>Which of your fellow students do you think you could work together with the best?
I'd work really well with my friends in class. The more Gigan and I trusts my allies in the field, the more effective my constructs become.

For non-specific reasons, I believe I'd fight well alongside Yui, Sen, Christopher, and Hoge. We could probably take one, maybe even two villains together. No sweat. I've fought and trained alongside Bobby and Hifumi the most, so Gigan trusts them in the battlefield, our team style is kinda gungho but I can provide some tactical utility to the team and play any position that needs covering. As a wild card team, I think Orochi, Noah, and I could work well together. I vibe with both their attitudes, and it's just a nice team that could get together with no conflict to get the job done. I could project my dragon-claws off of Orochi's expert strikes and Noah's fast attacks, and set up constructs to help with the battlefield.

For future reference and any hero agencies who might be reading this, I want to say that Hoge and I could be a very effective team and a very attractive pair of agents. We'd focus on reconnaissance and rescue. Spies working deep deep undercover, forced to rely only on each other under intense pressure. While I seduce the enemy spy, she could go in to scout with her quirk, and I could keep track of her using Gigan, she could even communicate with me through my construct. Once we've analyzed the situation (she's very smart), I can use my quirk to provide exactly what we need to get the job done, whether it's rescuing foreign diplomats, stopping a bomb, or escorting a group of hot female supermodels to a destination.

>Who do you want to get to know and haven't had the chance?
I'm pretty open, and I've talked to everyone in the class. Still there's a lot of em' that I wish I had more time to get to know. The first ones that pop into my mind are Ashleigh and Chihiro, I feel like we could be cool if I found a way to get through their defenses. I'm so used to striking out and moving on, that it never crossed my mind to stay and redouble my efforts. 

 I'd like to get to know the quieter boys in our class, Owari and Hiro, they tend to keep to themselves, and I wanna be able to hang with them and see what they're about. 

I've talked to Kaylee and Jugo, but I want to get to know their perspectives more. Let's just say violence is something that's always been hovering around in my family life growing up, in the countryside I mean, those cows get pretty aggressive.

 I've seen a lot of cow on cow violence, and it's never made much sense to me. When I was a kid, I was forced to watch one cow beat several cows up, until they were all asleep, then his cow friends came and they had a big cow party in the room full of milk. One of the sleeping cows, woke up, and I had to pet him until he fell asleep. Why someone would seek out cow-fighting, when it just seems to follow me around, kinda bothers me. I digress, but we country-folks are pretty serious about our farm animals. 

>The final question: What sort of hobbies do you enjoy when you aren't working on school work or training? [...] What are your favorite things to do?
I like playing soccer, skateboarding, getting my hair done, and watching old movies, I also read manga and play video games. Sometimes I hang out online or at a library and read medieval books. It started with me looking for interesting things I could create with my quirk, but it turned into reading about dragons, knights, and princesses. I used to be very good with the saxophone but I haven't practiced in awhile.