You wake up to the sound of a creaky door closing, you're not certain how long you've been out. Last thing you remember, you were on an old rowboat paddling to an island in the center of a lake. Eyeing up your surroundings, it seems you made it at least, though the boat has seen better days. Split in two, you doubt you'll make it back across the lake anytime soon. Looking around further, you spy a dilapidated shed, you feel an odd sense of dread realizing that you aren't alone on the island.

Standing up, you dust yourself off, mud clinging to your pants as you trudge onto the grass. You yell out a short "Hello?" to see if whoever is there responds. Silence. Unnerved you slowly walk up to the shed, stopping in your tracks as you feel a strange squish beneath your shoe, you lift your foot to see what it is. Coating the bottom of your shoe is some translucent pale green gel? Unsure what it is, you look up, your eyes spying a trail of it leading the the door, the handle caked in it.

Unsure how to proceed, you find yourself oddly intrigued as to the origin of this goop. Walking up to the door, you rap your knuckles against it. The door creaks open at your touch, slowly light creeps into the old shed. Looking at the place, it's strangely clean, no dust in sight, a neatly organised bookshelf. You step in slowly, trying to see if whoever closed the door is here, or if it was merely your imagination. Looking around, you see a trail of slime leading to behind the door, squinting your eyes, you can make out something hiding there, but you've never seen anything like it.

Vaguely humanoid in shape, the mass of sludge slowly slithers out of the shadow, as if admitting defeat, the sunlight catching it almost making it shimmer. The only thing truly defined about the mass in front of you is its eyes, almost glowing a vibrant green as you stare. Eventually, the mass makes a strange squishing noise, snapping you out of ogling it's form, "Sorry!" you apologize, as if you understood what it meant and it understood you.

Despite that, the mass seems pleased at the apology. Your heart is racing, blood rushing as you try to make heads or tails of your thoughts, you stumble over your words as you try to say something. Finally you manage to say something coherent, "what are you?" you desperately try not to sound rude in saying it, the mass. Seemingly unable to speak picks up a quill and paper from a close by bench, quickly writing down a message with impeccable handwriting, he lets you look at it.

"I know not what I am, all that I know I have learnt through these books and one companion I met long ago. That companion left many years ago and I'd believed the wrecked vessel may be him, yet I was mistaken.
That man dubbed me as a 'slime' and you may call me such if you wish"

You marvel at his writing, amazed at the creature, you try to hide your attraction to him and his abnormal body. The creature makes a soft squelching noise before writing some more. "you are likely tired from the wreck, are you not? I can provide a place to rest if you'd like, it has been quite some time since I've had some company, I hope you'll forgive me if I act out of line." Smiling at the caring words, "Yes, thank you," you muse, "I'd love to spend time with you, also would it be fine if I ... touched you?" The slime's head goes flush, clearly embarrassed at how forward you are, he slowly turns his head away, mulling the idea over before he turns back and nods.

You raise a hand, gently pressing it against what you assume is his chest, your hand slowly sinks in, a warmth covering every inch of your hand. The slime simply makes a noise akin to whimpering as you press into him, you stop momentarily to ask "Are you okay?" to which the slime nods once more. you sink your hand in further, just beyond your wrist before pulling it out. Very little slime clings to your hand, you once again stand speechless, marveling at the creature before you. Picking up the quill again, the monster writes once more; "Would you perhaps enjoy an embrace?"

Your face immediately goes red at the thought of cuddling with the cute slime, you smile and nod frantically as he turns to you. Taking a step closer, he gently wraps his slippery appendages around you, you don't protest, amazed as he almost sinks through your shirt, you feel his slimy form up against your bare skin. There's no hiding your arousal as he slowly shifts around you, his gooey body slowly covering you. You slowly lay down, his body acting as a cushion on the hard floor, you sink into him, submitting to his "embrace" you let out a gentle moan. His body gently flows around you, almost as if your laying in a bath of warm water, though it feels more controlled, as if he were massaging you. You slowly drift off while resting in the gooey bed he's become for you
