Imaginary "Friend"

Sunny has always had an amazing imagination. He thought of a world for himself to go to everytime he slept since he was 8. He thought of imaginative friends, like Humphrey, or the Yellow Cat. However, the most important of them all was Abbi.

Abbi has been Sunny's imaginative friend for years. Sunny has always been enamoured with her, always staying near her during his time within the headspace. Sunny would always talk about her outside of Headspace, and she was always able to watch him when he wasn't in his Headspace. No one ever believed him, just chalking it up to childhood fake friends, but they never knew that Sunny was always right about Abbi.

One day Sunny was walking through his Headspace with Abbi, looking at all the scenary of his imagination when he asked Abbi if he could talk to her somewhere private. Abbi could sense an emotion running through his body, overpowering everything else, however she was unsure as of what the emotion was. To Abbi's surprise, Sunny began to confess to Abbi about how much he loves her and everything about her, along side with a heavy blush on his face. Abbi took a minute to process the situation in her head, surprised about how he's actually confessing to her. She has always loved Sunny, but it was her job to put her emotions before Sunny's. This time however, Abbi did not know what to do. So, she decided to act on her emotions for the first time. Abbi hugs Sunny tightly, while whispering gently into his right ear, "It's okay, Dreamer.." Abbi started to rub his back in a loving way. "I love you too.."

Sunny then woke up from the Headspace suddenly, with a blush on his face. Mari, just getting up at the time, noticed this and with a smug look on her face, said teasingly, "Had a nice dream, Sunny?" Sunny began to blush even harder, to the point where his face would feel like a volcano. He looked away from Mari and Mari walked out of the room. With all the time to himself, Sunny began to walk out of the room thinking that it'll be a decent day until he suddenly walks into someone. At first, he thinks it's Mari and was about to apologize, but he opens his eyes and sees.. Abbi? Sunny thought she was supposed to be in the Headspace. Abbi began to speak, "I know this seems odd, Dreamer, and I don't know why I am here either. No one can see me except you." Sunny began to wonder if she's some type of ghost? It doesn't sound like the most insane idea, since somehow his imaginary friend, (lover?) somehow came into existance in the real world. Abbi speaks again in a gentle tone, "I know this a lot to ask of you Dreamer, but act like I'm not here. Your friends may think you have a mental illness." Sunny lightly nods to signify that he'll do it.

Later in the day, Sunny is with the friend group with Abbi watching nearby until Sunny accidentally walks into Abbi and falls. Kel notices this and says in a worried yet amused tone, "Sunny, did you just walk into AIR and FELL?" Sunny is embarassed and says in a small voice, "N-no.. I tripped..?" Kel still looks amused and on the verge of laughing and says, "Sure, sure, whatever you say, Sunny."

Headspace dream after Headspace dream, Sunny wakes up after one particular dream to see Abbi cuddling him in his sleep. It's perfectly normal until Mari enters the room. Mari has a confused look on her face and a tinge of frightfulness? She begins to speak, "Sunny.. who is that on your bed?" Sunny's eyes widen at the realization that Mari can see Abbi, and begins speaking, "W-well, you see Mari, this is.. Abbi." Mari looked even more confused. "Abbi? Like your imaginary friend Abbi? That Abbi? I thought she was just made up!" Sunny begins to speak again, his voice getting chalky from waking up and speaking a lot, "Well, she was.. until today." Mari just responds with an "Oh.." and then leaves quickly. Sunny quickly wakes Abbi up, and says in a low tone as to not be loud, "Abbi, I think you can be seen now by others, Mari was able to see you.." Abbi seems to have a look of thinking for a moment, then as if she realized something. "Well, that means we can be a couple in the real world! Go out on dates, Dreamer, here and in the Headspace!" Sunny's face contorts into a small smile, and then they exit to face the rest of the friend group.

Fast forward 4 years, and Hero, Mari, and Abbi, and Sunny are having a double date together! All is well.
