# Glossary of /rog/ terms - a guide for newfags

## Groups:

**Clikeks:** Refers to a discordtranny clique that formed after ragna/v/ died. Led by a LITERAL tranny NEET. Mostly former coinfags (losing shitter guild) with some bulliekeks mixed in. They are infamous for making the fake-4chan server "4leaf" that actually operated from a secret discord. They are pathological liars ("there's no secret discord!") and are always trying to manipulate and trick RCN's, prompting schizochads to make truthbombs to debunk all their lies. They later got absorbed by bulliekeks, after which both groups combined each others cancerous qualities.

**Bulliekeks:** A gacha wannabe-esports guild full of NEETs and trannies called "Bullies" that spend their mom's credit card on gacha waifus. They dominated the first server WoE and then got it into their heads that they were RO gods and rolled some dead shithole server with 40 people to zerg 3 random kiritos in woe. This made them believe even more that they were RO god progamers. Rolled on Ragna/v/2 with the intention of impressing RCN's and pose as super star e-celebs of /rog/, but got utterly humiliated by better players (cunny+bill+randomCHADS) instead, after which they ragequit like beaten stray dogs (KWAB!)

**Cunny:** A mysterious clique from older 4chan servers often accused of being pinoy, due to clearly not playing in NA timezones. Like bulliekeks, they don't include outsiders in their content parties, but unlike bulliekeks they don't try to exploit or poach RCNs for zerg, and they also do not dramawhore unlike clikeks/bulliekeks. Therefore, despite being a clique, they are not really hated. Better players than bulliekeks and showed them up at Beelzebub by doing it with far less people and a sub-optimal set up.

**Schizos:** Also known as schizoCHADS, schizoGODS or truthCHADS, these brave, handsome warriors fight against misinformation and lies with truthbombs and keep reminding the thread of the crimes of discordtrannies. This is all driven by the selfless, altruistic desire to protect RCN's from getting manipulated by lies and preventing the thread from falling victim to tranny astroturfing campaigns (such as to shill or counter-shill certain servers).

## People

**ratshitpiss:** A creature so vile and evil that nobody except ponyfucking simps call him by his real online name (like Lord Voldemort). He is a pathologically lying, alcoholic, MLP2hu tranny with a chronic desire to backstab his "friends" for no apparent reason. So universally despised that he even got kicked out of the clikeks club. Every person that has ever tried to be his friend has come to regret it. Is often mocked for being sexually attracted to cartoon horses. Everyone who is even remotely suspected of simping for him will get shitposted by association. The only good thing he has ever done was leak the secret discord during one of his meltdowns (see: chronic backstabbing).

**vincent:** A bard player with a short temper who once cucked clikeks by griefing them in thanatos tower by intentionally not doing the yellow key puzzle, because they shitposted him for going afk to grab food, causing them to lose out on the thanatos run. Lives rent free in their heads and they believe he is behind every shitpost ever (if it's multiple posts in one minute it's him with 10 arms and 5 phones samefagging etc.). Often claims to be "undefeated" (usually referring to getting 99 before clikeks do).

**Peonggy:** A lowly lifeform that subsists entirely of a diet on bulliekek (male) titty milk. Originally, this rodent was known as "Sieggy", a Biochemist player on the first Ragna/v/ who was the leader of the Coinshitter guild. The spectacular failure of both his guild and his 'leadership' left him buckbroken so hard that he become the ULTIMATE simp, ass-kisser, sycophantic little bitch for the bulliekeks. So great was his subservience that even those that mocked him underestimated the TRUE extent of it. When Ragna/v/2 happened, this little bitch became the ultimate peon-pawn-grunt worker for his "masters", playing SOLELY to farm them cards, which were then used in parties that he wasn't even invited to. In other words, he slaved for them for FREE, with absolutely ZERO compensation being thrown his way, all so he could be on the winning team. As if that wasn't enough, eventually even his masters started mocking him and calling him Peonggy. The ULTIMATE and final boss of all cuckolds.

**Tranne**: A clikek and shitposter who takes the "everyone is vincent" schizophrenia to new levels. He is one of the most notorious astroturfing shitposters and thread manipulators. He often has meltdowns when people play servers he doesn't like, and has gone as far as making new threads early just to exclude servers from the OP and so on, among other organized discord raiding tactics. Without a shred of self-awareness he accuses everyone else of being a schizo and shitposter. Typical clikek. Bragged about hitting 99 first on Ragna/v/2, got destroyed instead.

**Bill/GPU:** A mysterious duo from Ragna/v/ that doesn't talk and is often accused of multi-clienting or being friends with the dev. Seemingly "duo'd" most of the game including Thanatos and Nidhog. Made bulliekeks rage HARD by mogging them in-game (beating their designated 99 "speedrunner" AHC, destroying them in a pvp tournament, camping their MVPs etc.) and their ego couldn't handle that.

## Phrases and Terminology:

**Yellow Key:** a phrase that trannies scream at anyone who shits on them because they believe it's vincent and this epically BTFOs him (they convinced themselves that he actually couldn't solve the puzzle to cope with getting cucked).

**Eddgatos:** a meme phrase made to highlight the fact that thanatos is an extremely easy boss despite ostensibly looking like an "endgame" boss. Clikeks often tried to treat thanatos like an endgame activity because they're too shit to do actual endgame bosses. The Eddgatos name therefore served as a constant reminder that he was in fact easy as shit and a glorified Eddga. So successful of a meme that even the clikeks eventually kneeled and accepted its truth.

**all welcum/everypony welcum/anypony welcum:** Originally just "all welcum", this infamous phrase was made to lampoon the clikeks fake "openness". Despite being entirely centered around a SECRET discord, they claimed to be welcoming of all players. In truth they just want to exploit RCN's to fill support bitch roles (often without giving them loot) or at least increase the player count so they can have an audience of "dumb plebs" to witness their thanatos runs. The phrase was eventually mixed with the 'ponytalk' to mock ratshitpiss, since it was often ratshitpiss trying to revive 4keks.

**RCN:** Stands for "random clueless newfag". This describes the innocent new souls that join these threads unaware of all its history. Like a swarm of locusts, trannies will try to manipulate and trick these people into becoming their slaves and grunt workers with promises of "we're totally all friends here teehee (slave for us in parties, no loot for you)" and the like. Bulliekeks also always try to poach these people for more zerg.

**RandomCHAD:** Players with no clique affiliation, mostly kiritos but occasionally small groups too. They are usually but not always RCN's as well. On ragna/v/2 they gained respect for exceeding expectations, such as when Caladrius organized spontaneous bio3 parties with whatever rag-tags he could recruit via global and ran them successfully (bulliekeks were too scared to step into bio3 with their tryhard hyper-organized guild). They are also said to have "carried to SOVL of the server" by being friendly in global and never engaging in cliquefaggotry. Hence they became known as randomCHADS.

**Outer circle / Inner circle**: This describes the differences in the bulliekek ranks and social standings. Since bulliekeks are CONSTANTLY poaching more and more randoms for their zerg, it is necessary to draw a distinction between the random plebs that they use as grunt workers (clikeks and RCN's), and their "inner circle", the core illuminati that actually has a say in guild matters. Technically, such circles are natural clique dynamics, however bulliekeks take it to the extreme. Moreover, the term "outer circle" serves as a constant reminder to the clikek peons that they are NOT in fact a real part of the bulliekek guild, but just lowly, exploited grunt workers and peons.

## Servers

**Ragna/v/:** The first "4chan" server of the new generation of /rog/, though certainly not the first 4chan server ever. Though enjoying extreme success (comparatively) initially, it eventually eroded due to various factors, most significantly that EVERYONE hated the dev. Events of note were bulliekeks destroying coinshitters in woe so hard that the coinshitters later became brownnosing suck-ups and peons for bulliekeks just so they could be on the winning team.

**4leaf / 4keks / 4shart:** The second "4chan" server of the new generation, except it was actually a fake 4chan server. You see, after Ragna/v/ ended the buckbroken clikeks and some bulliekeks formed a secret discord where they decided to make a server for their discordtranny clique. The dev was part of this clique and their absolute puppet. However, they sold this discordtroon server as some kind of grassroots "4chan server" with the dev just spontaneously emerging from the aether. He posted in the threads just for show but even before launch it was clear he wasn't taking any suggestions from the thread. Only much later did the reason become obvious. This discord was kept a secret THE WHOLE TIME and its existence only became known when ratshitpiss had a meltdown and LEAKED an invite to it. Anyone who entered the discord via this invite was immediately banned. They started damage controlling the narrative, claiming that "you can always get an invite, just ask ingame teehee" and "no you see we HAVE to ban everyone who enters the discord because they might spam CP!!". Lies, all of it was lies. As if that wasn't enough, even the dev played along with this charade, claiming that "he doesn't want to make an official discord" because it might "hurt the thread".

**PonyRO / HataRO:** A server made by the infamous ratshitpiss for attention so he could be just like the other devs. Most people avoided it from the start because of who he was, but he still managed to groom a bunch of simps into playing on it and even got Zulfcuck to help him dev. Needless to say his obnoxious nature clashed with everyone as he was constantly doing kneejerk changes because someone was playing in a way he didn't like to the point Zulfcuck ragequit and left him. Eventually he got tired of /rog/ not wanting to play on his server, so he did the only rational thing, he decided to make it a normie-friendly RMS-listed server and proceeded to BAN EVERYONE who played the server so they wouldn't be able to spam nigger in chat and scare away the normies. 

**Ragna/v/2:** The second iteration of Ragna/v/ by the same dev who revived out of nowhere just when people were begging for a server, leading to a successful relaunch. The server died even quicker except this time the dev didn't really do obvious blunders, so people instead blame all kinds of different shit on the death, such as thread shitposting, lack of woe and bulliekeks being toxic ingame (this is the real reason) etc. Notable events were ratshitpiss getting banned after trying to be clever and transferring his gears after baiting the ban (dev outsmarted him, KWAB), bulliekeks getting blown the fuck out in every area of the game by better players which completely shattered their image as super star RO gods. Their most cocky, wannabe poser "RO gods" like snecuck and graendol even went into hiding out of embarrassment and humiliation.