It took a minute for everyone inside the restaurant to truly register what they were seeing. Employees and customers alike were spellbound, muttering nervous whispers to each other and trying to slowly rationalize their absurd situation.

A giant woman with fiery orange hair stood in the parking lot outside. The roof of the tallest nearby building didn’t even reach her thigh. Each of her bare feet were large enough to take up an entire parking spot and then some. Her attire was a curious perversion of a fast food uniform, featuring a form-fitting vest cut off to display her midriff and a miniskirt that just barely reached past her spats-covered crotch. Of course, from the human’s viewpoint, everything below her skirt was plainly on display and she might as well have been bottomless for all the modesty it provided.

“Kikkerikiii,” she yelled, blowing out the windows of several parked cars near her feet. “Good morning everyone! I’m giving you ten seconds to pack up your shit before I flatten everything out, okay? I still have a stream later today so I can’t wait around forever.”

The patrons recoiled in their seats and fresh waves of fear started pulsing through the restaurant. Hearing the giantess speak, feeling that deafening roar rip through their ears and bodies, was enough to cement their reality; she was real and she was dangerous.

One fast-acting employee broke free from the paralysis-inducing terror and bolted out the door, loudly clanging the frame against the wall on the way out. That was the spark that set everything else in motion. People dashed from their tables, slamming into one another and shoving bodies to the ground as primal instincts took over their motor functions. Amidst the frenetic chaos, some still stood nailed to the floor and simply gazed in awe at the colossus before them.

Kiara tapped her foot and further smashed the car (and unfortunate passenger) she’d been standing on into the asphalt. *Maybe ten seconds was too generous,* she thought to herself. It was a busy day after all. “Okay, time’s up! Here I come!”

She strode forward, her long shapely legs easily covering the distance until her left foot was raised over the restaurant's roof, and slammed it down into the earth. The roof and surrounding walls exploded into chunks of brick and concrete. Those fleeing out the main entrance were crushed into paste beneath Kiara’s meaty soles while those further back were blasted across the room by the shockwave. Kiara took a moment to grind her foot into the wreckage, noting the soft pops and crunches of the bodies caught below, before lifting it back into the air. Pieces of benches, tables, and plaster crumbled off her sole on the way up.

“Eh? This building’s so flimsy!” She shook her foot and giggled. “I can’t believe you guys were my competitors for this long…” Kiara leaned forward and stomped down into the kitchen area this time, violently crunching the fridges, cabinets, and ovens into inch-thick puddles of metal. Those taking refuge in the area met a similar grisly fate.

It only took five more stomps to completely demolish the restaurant. Most patrons were too injured or shell-shocked to evacuate at that point, and could only watch as the sun disappeared behind Kiara’s soles before being smushed into the ground like insects.

With light gray plumes of debris crowding her ankles, Kiara halted her rampage and wiped the sweat from her brow. “Whew! Well, that should do it! …but just to make sure.” She turned around and positioned her rear over the smoldering wreckage. Before the survivors crawling through the devastation could plead for mercy, Kiara fell backwards and obliterated the pitiful remains of the establishment with her massive, powerful ass. She barely felt anything on the way down; it was like she had sat on a pile of misshapen origami. The area below her butt was still warm from the earlier stomping, so she ground her butt into the wreckage until everything was utterly pulverized and she felt the cool soil of the earth pressing against her backside.

A sudden movement caught her eye. Somehow, inexplicably, a lone woman had survived the massacre and was currently scurrying out from between Kiara’s legs. Her meager progress was easily halted as Kiara reached down and scooped her up.

“Ehh? There’s still someone left? You little shit, you were trying to sneak away at the end!”

“No! No! Help!” The woman kicked and struggled, but her strikes bounced harmlessly off Kiara’s skin. Her tiny body tumbled over Kiara’s giant fingers, then rolled across her palm as she was lifted higher and higher into the air. It was hard to tell which way was up while being tossed around against the giantess’s massive digits. She exhausted herself just in time to see her captor open her hand, and huge, glittering pinkish-purple irises regarded her from above.

“P-please don’t kill me!” The woman dropped to her knees. “I-I’m a huge fan, Kiara! I saw your concert and everything! I’m begging you, please let me go!”

Initially, Kiara said nothing, opting instead to push and prod the supposed fan with her index finger. There was something infinitely amusing about toppling the smaller woman over with the lightest flick of her digits. Merely turning her hands was enough of a shift for the woman to lose her balance and stumble to the precipice of a fatal fall. Throughout all the torment, the tiny woman continued to plead for life through teary eyes.

“Mm, okay, so you’re a fan?” Kiara stopped twisting her hands long enough for the woman to get her bearings. “Then you know all the choreography for my songs, right?”

The woman nodded her head fiercely. “Yes! Or course! I was even practicing them last night! T-they’re so good!”

“Okay, then show me ‘Hinotori’. If you don’t screw it up, I’ll put you down. But if you miss a step…” Kiara opened her mouth and displayed the depths of her warm, cavernous maw, her tongue glistening in saliva. “...then you’re gonna be a little snack on the way home.”

A heavy ball of fear knotted the woman’s stomach upon peering into that organic abyss. Falling to her death or being crushed by a collapsing building was one thing, but to be eaten alive…it was a fate incomprehensible to most modern humans.

“Of course! Great choice, tenchou!” She planted her feet on the supple texture of Kiara’s palm and held out her hands, cupping them around phantom glow sticks. After taking a deep, shuddering breath, she began moving her feet and pumping her arms into the air. Usually, one would be cheering “Oi! Oi! Oi!” during this portion, but her throat was locked shut in fear. She continued on in silence and puppeted her terrified body through the movements, never daring to stare directly into her captor’s hungry, overbearing eyes.

Halfway through the performance, panic started to take hold of her limbs. Her footwork was getting messy, her arms were limp and off-beat. The woman’s mind was already assaulting her with visions of plunging into Kiara’s giant mouth, feeling the intense slippery heat of her tongue and the rows of back teeth crunching through her waist like a candy wafer. In her periphery, she saw Kiara lick her lips and heard a low growl of hunger rumble from her exposed midriff.

Still, she commanded her body to move, to dance! It was the last twenty seconds and she regained her composure long enough to follow through with the final flourish. She twirled the glow sticks and managed a small, clearly terrified smile to finish off her performance. Sweat dripping off her face, the woman bowed and awaited judgment.

Seconds passed and she could feel her heartbeat drumming in her ears. Would her life end here or not? She still couldn’t bring herself to look up, but the anticipation was building to a lethal degree in her chest.

Finally, Kiara tilted her head and narrowed her eyes. “Are you fucking serious? You missed the whole second chorus!” Kiara tightened her grip around the tiny woman, squeezing the wind from her lungs like a tube of toothpaste. “This is what happens to chimkins that can’t keep up!”

The woman erupted into hysterics and flailed within Kiara’s fingers with every ounce of remaining strength. Her cries were quickly made inaudible as she was tossed into Kiara’s mouth like a piece of popcorn. She was allowed three more seconds of life, squirming and sobbing against Kiara’s tongue, until tenchou pushed the pitiful fan between her molars and bit down. There was a soft crunch and the screaming ended. Kiara munched on her body a couple more times before pushing the mass to the back of her throat and swallowing it down.

“Mm, not bad. It’ll hold me over until I get back, I guess.” With that, Kiara got to her feet, brushed the rubble and carnage off the back of her miniskirt, and headed home. All things considered, the growing serum worked exceptionally well and there was now one less competitor in town. The R&D team deserved a raise.