The both of you walk away from the restaurant into the cool spring night. You, red-faced and seething, Mikeneko red-faced and happily drunk.

"That was amazing, Anon," she squeals, "Amazing! I felt like such a princess! And the lobster... hah... I thought I'd be stuck eating dog food for the rest of my life but here we are, I'm so happy- whoops!" She stumbles mid-sentence, wobbling a bit on her feet as she narrowly avoids tripping on a pothole - wear and tear have cracked the asphalt there into loose chunks of rock. "Wow!" she frowns as you lunge forward and catch her by the elbow. "Look at that, Anon, what kind of piece of shit restaurant can't afford to clean up their parking lot? I take back what I said, we should-"

"Neko-chan," you cut off her rambling. "Shut the fuck up for a second."

Her eyes widen. "Y-you're mad," she mumbles.

"Of course I'm fucking mad!" you growl. "You need to get a hold of yourself. What was that? Six pounds of wagyu steak? Paying for champagne for the next three tables? That little fucking bit where you smashed the Dom Perignon and screamed about how Uruha Rushia's dead? Do you WANT to draw attention to us? I know you're happy but what use is there that we survived a shootout if the pigs get on our case?"

Mikeneko's lower lip tremble. Her eyes haze over with tears and the color drains from her face. "Y-you're right. I'm useless. A fucking worthless cunt... putting you in danger..."

"Hey, come on, I didn't mean it that way-"

"But I do! I do, you're right! I nearly got you and Coco killed before, and now, and now..." She steps forward, unsteady, her hands clasping the front of your shirt. "I know I'm worse than trash, but... I can make up for it, Anon. I can make you feel good with my body... you'd like that, wouldn't you? You're a sicko who can't keep his hands off of girls even when they say no..." She giggles mischievously.

"You're drunk, Neko."

"I'm hor-"

"Excuse me!" A woman's voice. You look up away from Neko. It's the waitress who served your table. She looks upset, and holds the little black book with the receipt and cash for the bill close to her chest. "Sorry, sir, miss. Um."

"Can I help you?" You wondered what this was about. Japs didn't tip, so why would she complain?

"Yes sir, you can. This was a 130k yen bill and you left only 60 thousand yen."

You blink. "Oh shit, I'm so sorry." You were so pissed you sort of just grabbed whatever was on your wallet and slammed it on the table. Great, now you look like an asshole. "Here, I'll pay the difference..."

Before you so much as reach for your wallet, though, Neko steps forward in front of you. Her face is tomato red - shit, she must be way more drunk than you thought. "You fucking coming onto him, you whore? What do you want 70 grand for, huh? That... that how much you charge for a night, you slut?"

"Excuse me?" The waitress spits out. "What the fuck are you talking about?"

"Neko, what the hell, that's not-"

"No, Anon, no," she murmurs, slurring heavily and swooning as though she might vomit at any moment. "I can... I can tolerate Coco-san coming on to you, she's done so much for us... and I know you're a pervert who likes girls too much... but some... some random bitch, on the street, looking at you with her BITCH eyes? No. No. No. No. Thinks just because she served you some steak she can take you away from me? Huh, that right? You want his cock that bad you whore?"

"Hey, FUCK you, you cunt! I'm just doing my fucking jo- hrk!"

The waitress never finishes her sentence, as Mikeneko grabs one of the loose rocks on the pavement and throws it at her head with all the strength she can muster. The girl drops to the ground with an ugly thud, her limbs twitching spastically. Foam floods her mouth as a seizure spasms through her body.

"Y-yeah! Not so tough now, bitch!"

"Neko-chan, what the fuck!"

"R-relax, Anon... she'll walk it off... oh."

As if to argue this, the girl begins to seize harder, blood seeping from the crack in her skull where the piece of concrete struck her.

"Goddamn it, Neko, you fucked her up! Look at her!" This was supposed to be a night of relaxation and here you are dealing with an impromptu assault! You never should have brought Neko here, at least not without Coco to wrangle her.

"It's OK, it's OK Anon, please don't get mad at me... I can fix this..."

"How in the world are you possibly going to fix-"

BLAM!

The waitress's skull explodes in a shower of gore and brain matter as Mikeneko pulls her gun out of her purse and shoots her in the head, killing her instantly.

"Fuck, run to the car!" You bark at her, going into business mode immediately. "Go, Neko, go!"

"Wait!" Mikeneko leans forward and grabs the bill book, taking out the cash. "OK! Let's go!"

The two of you sprint through the parking lot, reach the Mercedes, and set off.

No sooner have you finally hit the road than Neko cranks open the window, leans forward, and pukes out the entirety of her dinner into the asphalt in a high-speed projectile of vomit. "Oh... oh... Anon, suddenly I feel a lot better," she says, wiping her mouth with a tissue as she leans back onto the passenger seat.

"I cannot fucking believe you did that. Coco's going to fucking kill us."

"But... but I fixed it, right? She won't talk or say who hit her this way. And what's important is, nobody got hurt."

You spare her a glance. Neko's eyes are focused entirely of you, waiting raptly, obsessively for your approval. In spite of everything, of all the horrible things you've seen these past weeks, you can't help but smile. You just saw her murder another girl in cold blood and you still can't bring yourself to feel anything for Neko besides tenderness and affection.

"Yeah. Yeah, you fixed it, Neko-chan. I'm glad we're together."