#### All The Way Around

It was a normal Friday afternoon in Kyoto. The birds were flying, the sun was setting, and Seiryu was fighting Karma after she stole something.

After executing a risky maneuver that involved flying through a building to close the gap between them, he had her right where he wanted, pushing her head to the ground with one claw and wrapping his tail around hers.

As he was about to punch her in the back of the head, Seiryu gasped, his grip tensing. With her field of vision, Karma could see his face tighten as if he was struggling with something. But she hadn't even put her escape plan into motion yet.

"Damnit..." He growled before releasing her.

She got up instantly, leaping back to put distance between them, but she had a confused expression. "What's the matter? Did you finally lose all hope of catching me?"

He took a deep breath, quirk quickly receding, returning his limbs to their regular size. "... I've reached the limit on my quirk. I'll capture you next time."

The blue-haired hero walked away. 

"The hell?" Karma muttered to herself. He was definitely lying, right? They'd been at it for a little under two hours. She knew his abilities by now. He could still hunt her if he wanted.

Karma rushed to his side, dangling her latest steal by his face. "Are you sure~? This will get sold before midnight, y'know. Are you trying to play reverse psychology on me?"

"Unless you suddenly lose your superhuman agility, then yes, I'm sure this chase ends now."

"You are weirdly chill about this. I expected more frustration from being let down by your own quirk."

He scowled. "I'm more than merely frustrated. But I refuse to show you an outburst."

"Bo~ring," She drawled out, stopping in her tracks, letting him go ahead. "Same time next week?" She teased as he was about to turn to another street. He did not reply. What a jerk. He went and pulled something like this just when she was getting invested in the action. Who did he think he was fooling with that lame excuse, anyway?

Karma waited a few seconds and then camouflaged herself, following his direction. She stalked him as he made the trek to his house. After gaining a hundred meters on the spot they were fighting in, Seiryu sprouted wings and soared away. As she suspected, he was lying. But why? Why did he randomly decide to call it quits?

The villain sped up her stalking to keep up with his aerial velocity, running on building walls and swinging between lampposts with her tail. They reached his home in eight minutes.

There, now she knew where he lived. She'd take her prize to Midas and sate her curiosity tomorrow.

***
->*18 hours later...* <-
***

The doorbell to Yuusei's residence rang. The young man stopped typing in his notebook and walked to the door, wondering who it could be. He wasn't expecting any visitors for at least a few days.

He opened the entrance to his home. Cammy Link stood by the door, wearing a black sweater and jeans.

She waved at him with a sly smile. "Hey there, Yuu—"

Yuusei closed the door and walked away, ready to continue his previous task. The doorbell rang multiple times as he sat on the couch, but he ignored it.

He got ten seconds' worth of work done when he heard the sound of a window opening. "Leave me alone," He said to the villain entering from the second floor.

"Is this how you treat your visits? Rude," She grumbled, stepping into his home. It was a spacious duplex made cluttered by Yuusei's hoarding problem. Furniture, art supplies, game consoles, and books were strewn everywhere. There was even a piano there.

Cammy dropped herself on Yuusei's couch, hands behind her head. "So~ watcha working on?"

Yuusei sighed, glancing at her momentarily before returning to his task. "How did you learn where I live?"

"I followed you last night when you *flew* back here."

"I see," He said, not looking even a little guilty. "I'm writing my report for yesterday's case."

*"I see,"* She repeated mockingly. "Are you going to add the part where you lied and strolled away from the villain? Why'd you even do that, by the way?"

"I don't owe you any answers, Cammy. Get out of my house."

"Or what? You'll call the heroes on me?" She leaned closer to him, putting an arm over his shoulder. "Finish the fight *you* started yesterday?"

He hummed, considering his options. "You know what? Stay here if you wish. Any second you're wasting here is a second you're not stealing something."

Cammy gave him a disturbed look. "Wow, you're really serious about not fighting me, huh? What gives?"

He didn't look like he was scared of her. He obviously wasn't tired or injured. And he said he'd catch her next time around. So he hadn't given up either.

It really seemed like he paused his little feud for no apparent reason.

She flicked him on the cheek, face shifting back into her naturally smug smile. "Wait, who says I can't do both? I can rob your house."

He finally looked at her, glaring fiercely into her eyes. The effect was somewhat lessened by her finger poking his cheek.

Cammy's smile widened. "Oh? Were those fighting words?"

Yuusei sighed, all aggression leaving his posture. He pushed her hand away and turned his upper body to her. "What is it with you today? Most of our 'fights' aren't even fights. You run away every time, and I pursue you."

Cammy shrugged. "What can I say? I like the adrenaline."

Truthfully, she was upset that he had the gall to walk away from their confrontation and wanted to annoy him in return. Escaping didn't feel right if the hero chasing her walked away halfway through, dammit. She wanted him to give it his all, then fail.

Yuusei closed his notebook's lid. "If I explain it to you, will you leave me be?"

Finally, she was getting somewhere. "Maybe. Depends on how good your explanation is."

Yuusei rolled his eyes, getting up from the sofa to grab something from his fridge. He began to speak on his way there.

"There is no way you do not know this, but there's a lot of variation in animal-like quirks. Some people get a few features, and others become an anthropomorphic version of an animal. Most inherit certain animal weaknesses, like your aversion to cold climates."

The young man took a sip from a water bottle and tossed it to Cammy. She caught it with her tail and placed it on the coffee table.

"Your point...?" 

"Lastly, there are cases of people presenting animalistic behaviors," He concluded, returning to his spot on the sofa.

Cammy waited for him to continue, still unsure of where he was going with this. Yuusei shared her expression, wondering where his life had gone wrong and why he had to have this conversation.

"... My quirk is a transformation type, so I only acquire those animal instincts when I activate it. What I told you yesterday was a half-truth. I could still use my quirk, but it would have affected my mental faculties, so I cut our battle short."

"..."

"..."

The chameleon girl stared at him, waiting for more. She frowned when it became clear that was all he had to say. "What kind of behavior would you get from a dragon, though? They don't even exist."

Was it bloodlust? Was he scared of killing her? That was rich. He couldn't even catch her properly, let alone hurt her enough to matter.

"Hold up," Cammy continued. "You've been on the warpath for your stupid..." 

What was it that she stole from him again?

"Golden Dragon's Claw," Yuusei supplied.

"Yeah, that thing. You've been stalking me for months by now. How come this is the first time your mind was at risk?"

He turned his head to the side, avoiding looking her in the eyes. "... It's because this behavior only emerges at certain times of the year."

Oh.

*Oh.*

She suddenly recalled the position they were in yesterday. Seiryu had caught up to her with a burst of speed from cover, grabbed her by the neck, and pushed her down before she could react. 

He had her face down, ass up.

"Y-You're fucking with me, aren't you?" She asked, struggling not to crack.

There was no way, right? Surely it was just her having her mind in the gutter. This was Yuusei they were talking about. The chameleon girl knew she was alluring, but she also knew he hadn't expressed any desire for her in any of their encounters except for landing her in jail. Well, there were times in the middle of a fight when he got super close and stared into her eyes in a way that had her wondering after. But after a few months of nothing happening, she had chalked it up as her imagining things and him being a naturally intense person.

"As much as I wish that was the case... no." Oh man, he was blushing now.

Blushing!

"Kekekeke!" Cammy couldn't hold it anymore and burst into giggles. Her laughter lasted for several seconds, escalating in volume until she was on her side on the couch, clutching her stomach and tearing up from the hilarity.

The blue-haired man dragged a hand over his face, groaning. 

"Oh, shut it. I meant that as in I wish I was joking."

"I-I'm sure you did! Is that also what you meant when you said you were more than merely frustrated? Kekeke~"

Yuusei closed his eyes, then looked at the ceiling, regretting everything he'd spoken over the last minute—No. The last few hours. "I answered your question. You can leave now," He declared after gathering all the sanity he had left.

"Eh? No way." This was prime teasing material! "I need more ammo—ahem, I need to know more. Are you planning to stop patrolling altogether or only avoiding villainesses?"

Yuusei returned to his notebook, opening it and continuing his report. Cammy also returned to her previous spot by his side, poking him in the ribs. "Hey, hey, you already admitted to stopping a villain capture because you were in the mood—"

"Breeding season."

She choked on her words, doubling over in laughter. Gasping for breath, Cammy reached for Yuusei's water bottle and downed half the contents.

"Hahh... holy shit, you're killing me here."

"Why do I not feel any better then?"

"Because you're a hero, duh. But anyway, I was about to say it can't get any worse. So," She slapped the coffee table. "Spill the deets." 

There was a brief lull in the conversation, leaving only the sounds of typing echo around his home. It dawned on him that she wasn't going to give him peace. Once again, he used the justification that if she was stuck listening to the odd aspects of his quirk, she couldn't be stealing anything except his will to live. So, he would sacrifice the quiet in his home for a worthy cause.

"I don't stop doing hero work."

Cammy nodded and stopped poking his side. "Hm, hm. But what if you see a cute villain girl causing trouble?"

"... I would stop her."

"Like you stopped me yesterday~?"

"Don't misunderstand, Cammy. This isn't the first time this has happened to me, nor will it be the last. I can control myself just fine during it. I've even gone on internship patrols when it happened before, and there were no issues."

Her face blanked for a solid three seconds before she gave him the smuggest grin of the day so far. "So you're saying it was me in particular that affected you? Thanks for the ego boost, Grumpy Dragon." Her tail was even flicking side-to-side somewhat happily.

He shook his head. In a physical sense, he could not deny she was beautiful. But her personality stopped him from holding any attraction to her.

The problem was that dragon instincts didn't care about personality.

"The problem is your quirk."

"Lizard girls make you act up?"

"I wouldn't put it so crassly..."

"How would you put it?"

Yuusei realized he was digging a hole for himself and paused to collect his thoughts.

"... Although your quirk is named Karmeleon, your body holds much more than the characteristics of chameleons or lizards." Damn right it did. "In a sense, you stand at the pinnacle of most reptile quirks."

"So not lizard girls... but strong lizard girls?" As far as fetishes went, this was downright tame.

Yuusei did not deign that with a direct answer. "What's more, I battled you regularly for most of yesterday. My self-control only slipped at the end."

"When you saw my ass."

He nodded. When his body struggled between punching her head and smacking her butt, he'd known it was time to retreat.

"Welp, can't blame ya. It is a very nice ass." She slapped his shoulder lightly when he rolled his eyes at her. "Oh, don't give me that. You pretty much confessed that you ran away because I'm so irresistible."

"You're delusional."

"Nuh-uh. You don't get to call me anything after this chat. I'm gonna hold this over your head until it gets stale. You know that, right?"

"Yes, but I'm past caring at this point."

With a few clicks, Yuusei submitted his report to the Hero Network. Cammy leaned forward and tried to grab the mouse from him, but he moved it away in time.

*"Why are you still here?"* He asked, perplexed. "Haven't you bothered me enough? Don't tell me you're actually interested in what I said."

"Keke~ I wanted to check if you had a lizard girl stash in there."

"This is my work notebook."

She blinked. "How many notebooks do you have?"

"Two." The other was for gaming, but he hadn't gotten time for that in months.

"Why?"

"Because I can."

"... does that mean the lizard girl porn is in the other one?"

"I don't have lizard girl pornography," Yuusei responded, tired.

"Prove it," She demanded, crossing her arms with a wide grin. "Lemme see your files."

"I already told you, this is my work notebook. There's confidential information not meant for villains in here—"

"The second one."

"—Also, I have nothing to prove to you. Get out of my house, you aggravating creature," He stressed, making a shooing gesture.

"Fine, fine~" She put her hands up, leaving the couch. "I'm gonna steal it before I leave, though."

She was halfway across the living room a second later, nearing his bedroom.

Yuusei calmly put his notebook in suspend mode and walked after her, stopping by the door to his room. Inside, Cammy was trying to navigate between the new dimension of clutter, throwing books, clothes, and furniture as she tried to find what she wanted.

The blue-haired man caught a stray pouf chair with a single hand. "Even if you find it, you don't know the password."

Cammy turned to him with an excited smile. "I'd be happy with just finding it at this point. Your room is like a freaking treasure trove."

"I'm glad you're having fun raiding my house," He deadpanned. He walked past her and, with the expertise of a chronic hoarder, swatted away at a pile of clothing on his bed, revealing the gaming notebook. It was a bulky thing with a grey and blue color scheme.

As a testament to her agility, Cammy still reached for it at the same time as him. Their hands brushed against each other before she pulled his wrist away with her tongue, snatching the notebook and holding it under her arm.

She took one step away from the bed, then jumped to the left and stuck to a wall, dodging a swipe from his tail.

"Put it back, thief."

She shook her tongue at him before pulling it back. "Make me."

His eyes narrowed, and his pupils became slit. The two leaped for the door.

Yuusei could not sprout wings inside his room without damaging something. So he relied on the draconic strength of his legs to catch up to his opponent. Karma still reached their destination first, but he caught her by the ankle, swinging her body at the wall outside his bedroom, letting it go, and pushing a claw against her shoulder before she could drop down. Their tails wrestled for dominance while Yuusei used his other hand to pry the notebook from her.

Cammy opened her mouth to use her tongue on him, but he headbutted her before she could, then stopped a knee strike by blocking it with a raised leg. He went to headbutt her again, but she reacted faster this time, swinging with a tongue lash at his face. Yuusei let go of her shoulder to grab her tongue before it could reach him, tilting his head away to dodge her saliva.

With her shoulder freed, Cammy's fist rose in an uppercut to his chest, meeting dragon scales underneath his shirt. Her slippery muscle easily escaped his grasp, returning inside her mouth.

"Wow. If you hadn't explained it earlier, I wouldn't even guess you're in 'breeding season' right now. Do you treat all the girls you're into like this?"

"I told you, didn't I? I can control myself just fine, barring a few edge cases."

She was starting to learn that he had a habit of constantly spouting unintentional innuendo. "So, something like this?"

Her leg wrapped around his waist, pulling them closer together, pushing her breasts against his chest. Yuusei tried to break them apart, but she used her free hand to hold his thrashing one, interlocking their fingers. He leaned his head down to glare at her, but something was starting to build up behind his frustration, clouding over his eyes.

"Not enough," He whispered, breaking eye contact to look at her parted lips.

"Really? You're not even trying to grab your notebook, so I say I've done plenty."

It was true. The hand trying to sneak between Cammy's arm and torso was rising. Yuusei brushed his left hand under her chin, tilting her head up, making their noses touch.

Cammy gave him a self-satisfied look. "Now I have one free hand and a knife in my pocket. I could stab you right now."

"I could kiss you right now."

"Why don't you?" She challenged. Yuusei bent even further into her, mouth coming close to her ear.

"I want you to ask for it. Tell me you want it."

"... I don't."

He leaned back slightly, frowning at her. "Oh please, Karma. I mean, stealing my notebook? Is that the best reason you could have come up with for starting this playfight?" His thumb caressed her lips. "You wanted this to happen. You wanted me to use my quirk. To tease me after yesterday. To have your adrenaline rush."

A forked tongue darted from his mouth, licking the air and almost touching her cheek, making her skin shiver. "I can smell it on you. You're more excited than me."

She was even holding her breath, taking air from her skin so she wouldn't be breathing heavily in front of him. He could tell all these little details from fighting her so many times.

Cammy bit her lip, annoyed at being found out.

"Hn... maybe I am. But if I say the words, will you stop at a kiss? Can you look me in the eye after and still fight me when I try to steal something?"

To her surprise, he chuckled. "Don't worry about that. I'm greedy. I'll take this notebook from your hands while taking your lips. I'll take any part of your body you want to give. And in the future, I'll take you to jail and get what belongs to my family."

"I hope that mouth can do better than empty promises."

"It can't compare to your tongue, but I'm sure I can make up for it."

"Just kiss me already, you cocky bastard—*Mwh~!*"

He silenced her by finally bringing their lips together. 

The two nemeses stopped holding hands and began french-kissing. Yuusei grabbed her waist, and Cammy put a hand over his shoulder, drawing each other nearer and nearer, melding their bodies together with a sloppy make-out session. He was taking it slow, exploring her mouth, learning her taste, and getting hooked on it. Despite her ability to produce venomous saliva, when she was in the mood, Cammy had a faint, sweet smell that he couldn't quite decipher.

Her body relaxed under his grip, tongue extending past his and invading his mouth. Her scarlet eyes stared into his with budding desire as she moved a hand to unbutton his shirt, dragging her fingers over his exposed skin. Her tongue danced warmly around his mouth, making vulgar sounds and overwhelming him with her scent. Every one of his senses was being bombarded by the woman in front of him. It was maddening... and he couldn't get enough of it.

Yuusei stopped holding her waist, sneaking his hand under her sweater, feeling her soft skin as he reached to squeeze her breast. A palm on his bicep stopped him as he was one inch away. Cammy's tongue retreated from him, leaving a trail of saliva between them.

*"Why?"* He breathed, feeling empty after the sensory overload she put him through. He pushed his head on her collarbone, leaving small pecks on her neck.

The chameleon girl smirked at the starving dragon, unwrapping her leg from his waist and using her knee to block their hips from touching. "I only asked for a kiss."

He growled in irritation, sending a deep, rumbling sound through her body. **"You..."**

"You said it yourself, right? Hmm..." She asked before purring, enjoying his mouth on her neck. "You'd take whatever part of my body I gave." And she gave him a single thing.

Yuusei answered by biting her skin and sucking on it, earning a short gasp from Cammy. His mind and body were stuck in a haze, craving more of her but refusing to admit it. He would break away if she was clearly not into it, but he could feel her body heat rising alongside his. Could sense the wetness on her lower body and see her trying to hold back moans as he kissed and nibbled her neck. She definitely wasn't unaffected by his actions in the last minutes, so it took all his willpower to hold himself back from escalating.

Was that what she wanted? For his self-control to crack? For him to take her without any regard for her? Or was this just another way to taunt him?

He stopped playing with her neck, raising his head to look her in the eyes. Her usual smile seemed to have gained a new, dangerous edge, and there was a slight flush from her collar to her cheeks.

Cammy licked her lips. "Why'd you stop, Yuusei~?" She asked softly, squeezing his arm.

Yuusei's resolve broke. By the time he'd realized it, he was kissing her again, turning his arm into a draconic limb and ripping away her sweater and bra, exposing her modest, perky breasts.

"Change of plans," He said after they broke away, lifting her by her toned thighs and pushing their torsos closer. "I'm not waiting for you to ask anymore." Their lips met once more. Cammy closed her legs around his waist, letting him hold onto her with a single arm, freeing the other so he could grope her chest. 

"If you tell me you want to stop... I'll stop. But if you don't, I'll keep going until I can't."

"Heh. Bet I can outlast ya~" Cammy provoked before dropping the notebook and pulling him by the shoulders to mash lips again. Asking him to take her wasn't what she wanted. It felt too much like begging, and she wasn't the type of girl to beg for it. But he was more predictable than ever when he was like this. A little teasing was all it took before he decided to take the lead, even if he did ruin one of her favorite sweaters while doing it.

Holding her close with a single arm, Yuusei stepped away from the wall and crossed the door to his room with the chameleon girl clinging to him.

Cammy's tail swatted away all the scattered objects over the queen-sized bed before he let her land on the mattress. He climbed after her, pushing her on her back with one hand, then lowering it to unbuckle her belt. His other hand went to his shirt, opening the rest of the buttons. Cammy's tail wrapped around his waist, pulling him into another make-out session as the two undressed each other.

They became more frenzied with each piece of clothing thrown away, sloppily kissing and groping each other's exposed parts. Finally, Cammy kicked her jeans off and pulled Yuusei's sweatpants away with her tail. She laid back, resting her head on a pillow, free of all garments except white panties. He kneeled on the mattress, having not worn any underwear from the start. Although none of them were blushing virgins having their first time, they still took their time gazing at each other's bodies. Yuusei admired Cammy's lithe frame and graceful curves, and her eyes roamed over his toned body and stiff member.

He grasped her knees and gently spread her legs apart, bending over to caress her face while his other hand pushed her panties away.

Yuusei watched his partner's face as his fingers crawled their way to her inner thigh. Curiosity, anticipation, lust. He saw all that behind her gleaming ruby eyes as he pressed between her drenched folds. His hand began to move in a smooth, focused pattern, pulsing presses of two fingers, followed by firm circles inside her.

Cammy bit her lips, unwittingly looking past his face and into the region where her flower met his hand. "Faster," She said, shuddering.

Yuusei shifted his wrist an inch lower, increasing his pacing and pressure, soaking his digits in her arousal. Cammy's hands clenched on the bed sheets as she tried not to react to his touches. She failed in seconds, whimpering quietly when her partner lowered his head and targeted her breasts, suckling and licking her nipples.

"Y-You—*Hng~* I thought you'd be eager to just... put it in and hatefuck me. What..." She gasped as his teeth brushed lightly against her breasts. The air she was taking from her skin was starting to not be enough. "W-What gives?"

His mouth paused its ministrations as he gazed at her, but his fingers got even faster. If Cammy's eyes were gleaming with desire, Yuusei's were burning with hunger. It looked like he would pounce at her at any moment, but he didn't.

"I'm checking something," He replied cryptically, using his free hand to grab her chin and give her a chaste kiss while inserting a third finger into her walls. Cammy bucked her hips against his hand, feeling her core get agonizingly warm.

Suddenly, Yuusei's fingers withdrew, leaving her humping the air for one second. Before she could complain, he was already leaning away, examining his dripping hand as if pondering if he should have a taste.

*"Why?"* She whined, using her own hand to continue what he'd started. But it wasn't the same. His fingers were ridiculously longer than hers, and there wasn't that sensation of someone else pleasing her body.

"I'm going to 'put it in and hatefuck you,' as you charmingly said." He declared, pulling her hand away and slapping his erect member over her entrance.

"This might be a tight fit," He warned.

"Hoh?" Cammy laughed, leaning back and spreading her legs wider. "You should know better than to say that. My tongue can reach way deeper than your thing."

Yuusei chuckled alongside her, which she recognized as a bad omen, but didn't know why.

Then, he used his quirk, making the thing between his legs reach long past her navel.

"O-Oh..." 

That could actually match her tongue. It might have even been a bit thicker, actually. And were those bumps around the shaft?

Her partner pulled back, aiming his tip at her entrance before a tongue wrapped around his swollen cock, pulling it up. Yuusei hissed at the sudden tightness and warmth surrounding him. Cammy's tongue retreated to her mouth as the taste registered in her brain, and she realized what she'd done.

"A-Alright, you've proved your point. No need to jam that thing in me."

One of his eyebrows quirked up. "Prove a point? I planned on doing this since the beginning." He was just being mindful of his transformation's stamina drain. "I tested your flexibility with my fingers." And also made her wetter for him. "You'll be fine."

Easy for him to say! He wasn't the one in danger here.

Yuusei patted her thigh impatiently. "You don't need to pull me back with your tongue. Just say the words, and I stop."

The chameleon girl pouted, feeling flustered and trying to understand why. Again, there was only a slight difference in thickness between him pounding her with his transformed member and using her tongue to masturbate. Why was she the one hesitating, dammit? She was the older one here; she should be in control.

Ah. Control. That was it. With her tongue, Cammy could set the pace. But now she had to trust a guy she'd been fighting for months to not hurt her and take care of her needs.

She damned her thrill-chasing ways for landing her in this situation. But she also didn't want to stop. If she ran away now, it'd be admitting defeat in something crucial.

Cammy rose from the bed, grasping the cause for her annoyance with both hands. She was unable to wrap a full hand around it. Her face was red as she tugged at Yuusei's waist with her tail.

"... I'll be on top."

Yuusei shrugged, turning them around and letting himself fall to his back on the pillows, taking the spot she was in.

"If it makes you feel better."

He grabbed her hips as she straddled him and squeezed his shaft again, feeling it throb under her fingers. Somehow it felt weightier than before, standing tall and parallel to her torso. Cammy took a deep breath and raised herself on top of him, using her tongue to point his tip at her entrance.

Slowly, their lower bodies began to meet. Yuusei's eyes scrunched as he indulged in the sensation of her body, grunting as she enveloped him inch by inch. His partner was producing no shortage of lube to make his entrance easier. But she took him in gradually, adapting to his size and girth instead of letting him bottom out in one smooth stroke.

At the halfway mark, Cammy halted, pushing a hand on his groin to keep herself steady. Then, she released a breath she'd been holding and slammed her hips on top of his, moaning with her head lolled back. It was like music to his ears.

She raised herself and repeated the movement, inner walls clamping on the intruder, feeling his cock hit all her sensitive spots. The hands on her hips began to help her as she impaled herself over and over, building a steady rhythm and filling the bedroom with cries of arousal and flesh slapping against flesh.

Yuusei had already known it, but she was now discovering how deep the compatibility between their quirks went. He stretched her out just the right way, and at the same time, her pussy squeezed and drenched his rod. They made each other's nerves tingle, toeing the line between pain and pleasure with every thrust. At this rate, he was going to get addicted to this. Addicted to her. The worst part was that he didn't care. He wanted to fuck his nemesis, wanted to make her cum on his cock, wanted to release everything pent up in this breeding season inside her.

Yuusei sped up his pistoning, grabbing his partner's hips even snugger so she wouldn't bounce away from him. She bent down, cupping his face with both her hands, aiming his face to kiss her. He accepted her inside his mouth, both moaning deeply and pushing their tongues together.

The stimulation was becoming too much. Cammy's heart pounded as the man under her hammered away at her pussy at a hungry pace, feeling every muscle in her body tense up. Her moaning turned into short gasps, breath hitching every time he hilted himself inside her. His grip on her hips would certainly leave marks after. Yet her brain didn't register it, single-mindedly focusing on the orgasm nearing her body.

"I'm close," Her partner said between making out with her, eyebrows furrowed in effort.

"... Same," She replied, wanting to say more but having no air to continue. The sudden thought that Yuusei wasn't wearing a condom brought a devious thrill to her, pushing her to her peak. Cammy shut her eyes tight and held onto his shoulders, trying not to cum before him. It was futile. Within a few thrusts, her pussy clenched on her partner's cock with immense force, and she fell on top of him, embracing him as lightning coursed through her nerves and fire pooled on her core. He bit on her neck as she whimpered near his ear, impaling her one last time before reaching his own limit.

With a low grunt against her skin, he unloaded inside her, making her burn even hotter, his member twitching and throbbing with each jet of seed flying into her. Her orgasm was extended by his release, but even after it subsided, he was rolling his hips against hers, trying to push himself deeper.

She didn't know how much time they spent hugging each other and riding out their thrills. The two panted heavily, with Yuusei planting soft kisses on her neck and shoulder. Finally, Cammy found her strength and pulled out from him, laying by his side a moment later.

They looked at each other, smiling in dumb ecstasy.

"I know it's called 'breeding season,' but were you actually trying to knock me up?" She teased, patting her belly.

His hand found its way to her ass, giving it a short squeeze and drawing her closer. "You didn't tell me to pull out, so I didn't."

"It was a test of your character. Now I know you're an irresponsible guy who does it raw with wanted villains."

"Hah." As if wearing a condom would make this more respectable. "Is that good or bad in your opinion?"

Her fingers brushed his chest, tracing the lines of his muscles. "I want to say bad since I'm the villain, but I can't deny it felt good..."

Neither could he, which was extremely dangerous. Even now, his head was swimming with thoughts of kissing her forehead, feeling her body against his, lining up his cock to her entrance again, and hearing her make those lovely sounds...

Damn. When did he start thinking anything about her was lovely?

Her tail poked him in the cheek. "You look like you're having an existential crisis. Did I make you feel that good?"

Yuusei leaned his head towards her, resting his chin over her shoulder. ".... Yeah," He confessed. "I need more."

She felt his hardened member poke her stomach and smirked. "Fine by me. I did say I was going to outlast you."

He rose from the mattress first. Cammy turned to him as he spread her legs and loomed over her. "I'll be on top this time."

After having him inside her, she could trust him to take her in this position. The chameleon girl nodded and grabbed the back of her knees. The sight of his nemesis pulling her legs until they were over her head, showing off her dripping pussy, was enough to make Yuusei forget about the danger he was getting into and pounce on her.

Yuusei set the pace for this new round of not-lovemaking, teasing his partner with slow, dragging movements of his member inside her, playing with her nipples with his mouth and hands. Once she got used to his tempo, he switched it up, pounding her feverishly into the mattress, kissing her, and marking her neck. A cycle of carnal passion created by him to drive her wild.

He knew she had more stamina than him. If he did her normally, she would likely outlast him as she claimed, so he didn't play fair. He fucked Cammy relentlessly, preying on all her weak and sensitive spots, which he was learning rapidly. She writhed under him, letting out those cute little noises whenever his cock brushed against a particular place or when he pinched her nipples.

"H-Harder," She called. "I"m getting close again..."

He obliged, groping her breasts and pumping his hips with renewed vigor, making the bed creak with every thrust. Even as she came on his cock, Yuusei's momentum never slowed, hips slapping against her ass, turning one orgasm from her into two, then finishing inside her as her pussy tried to drain him for the third time.

He gulped greedy breaths, stopping his movement and pulling out when he saw her tongue roll out her mouth in that last release. He watched Cammy stare at the ceiling with unfocused eyes, chest heaving up and down as more proof of her arousal pooled around his groin.

Her entire body felt like it was melting. Yuusei had turned her brain into mush after she started to bottom, making her lose her grip on her legs, which were over his shoulders now.

"Hah..." She breathed out, blinking slowly as that pleasant fog was lifted away from her mind. When she came to, she saw the dragon hero looking at her with a worried expression.

"You okay?" He asked softly, one hand between her breasts to check on her wild heartbeat.

Cammy turned her head to the side, blushing and dodging his concerned gaze. She was a bit embarrassed for losing herself in the sensation of his... everything.

"... 'm fine." She muttered so quietly he almost didn't hear it.

He leaned down, hand rising to grasp her chin, pulling her into a slow, deep kiss that she didn't turn down. She felt his shaft rubbing up and down on her entrance as they separated.

"Don't you have a cooldown period, you damn horny dragon...?"

"It's a lot shorter at this time of the year. Do you want to stop?"

"... no. Let's go... one more time." She decided. "Yeah, one more time."

He nodded, leaning forward to capture her lips while his member entered her again.

In the end, they went at it three more times, stopping when Yuusei's bed broke.

***
-> *40 minutes later...* <-
***

Cammy left the bathroom by opening the door with her tail, her hands drying her hair with a white towel.

Having taken a bath before her, Yuusei was waiting for her in the living room with a change of clothes by his side. He examined the knife she'd brought inside her jeans' right pocket, turning his attention to her naked body once she got close enough to throw the wet towel at his face.

He let it hit him, seeing her grab the clothing with an annoyed look, which he mirrored.

"Still can't believe you tore my sweater... I should have called it quits right there just for that... Damn rich-boy hero with no sense of property..." 

He rolled his eyes, knowing that he made a mistake in the heat of the moment but refusing to apologize.

Cammy tugged on the black t-shirt he provided as a substitute. It was one of the smaller pieces of clothing he owned, yet still comically oversized on her. The sight of her wearing something that belonged to him after they had sex was something that Yuusei had never expected to see in his life, but there they were.

She sat on the couch by his side, tugging on her collar to check the numerous hickeys he left on her skin. Her tail accepted the knife Yuusei handed back to her, pocketing it.

"So..." She began, looking at him with an unusually serious face. "How are you feeling?"

"A bit sore. You?"

Her gaze turned flat. "Same, but that wasn't what I really meant."

He clasped his hands together, leaning forward to rest his chin over them. "Hmm... I think I won't know for sure until tomorrow. Right now, I can't help but feel a certain sense of contentment whenever I look at you. But that's probably all the chemicals in my brain rewarding me for doing something in breeding season."

He turned to her. "By the way... what's the risk of you getting pregnant? Are you on any birth control?"

She blinked, mouth hanging open at his question. "You... you're asking that *now?!*"

"I told you, my mental faculties aren't at their best when I transform at this time of the year. That sort of thing wasn't exactly on my mind when we did it."

Cammy snickered at him. "Are you sure that was it?"

His eyebrows furrowed. "What else would it be?"

"I mean, think about it. If I got pregnant, I couldn't keep myself in the burglary business for long... giving someone a chance to capture me."

"..." Yuusei was left speechless, his eyebrows twitching in exasperation.

"... There's something seriously wrong with you. No, I wasn't trying to get you pregnant. I honestly forgot."

Cammy slapped him on the back, grinning at him. "Calm down, calm down~! It was just a joke. I know you're not like that."

"No, you don't."

She nodded, unrepentant. "Yeah, I don't know much about you personally, but to be fair, you're just some guy whose family I stole from."

"Who you had unprotected sex with."

She pouted. "I wasn't at any risk, okay? Because of my quirk, I don't have a regular cycle, but I'm also not like you, who gets horny during one time of the year. I'm only at risk sometimes; that wasn't one of those times."

"I see. You inherited the traits of an opportunistic breeder instead of a seasonal one," He muttered.

"If you say so, Mr. Expert-On-Reptile-Mating-Habits."

Somehow, her usual taunting and provocations weren't as bothersome as before. Yuusei hoped it wouldn't stay like that for long.

"... Do you want money for a new sweater?"

Cammy shook her head vigorously. "Fuck no. I know you mean well, but if you give me cash after what we did, It'd be plain weird." She pointed at the kitchen. "If you wanna make it up for me, get me some food or something. I'm starving here."

"Isn't the lunch supposed to be before we do it?" Even as he said that he got up, walking to the fridge. Look at him, preparing a meal for his nemesis. His ancestors were surely looking down on him right now.

She smirked. "Look at you, trying to be witty." He really was a lot less uptight when out of costume. Doubly so after getting laid. "But no, you're thinking of dinner."

"If you say so, Ms. Expert-On—"

The doorbell rang, and a voice came from the front door right after.

*"Yuusei, are you in there?!"*

Cammy's grin twitched. That was a girl's voice. "Hey, I know I was talking about not accepting money earlier, but now I'm wondering. Did I just bang a whore?"

"... That's my sidekick, Cammy. Don't even start." He put the ingredients back on the fridge and turned to her. "Looks like I won't be able to give you a meal."

The doorbell rang again.

Cammy nodded to herself, eyes closed in acceptance. "As expected from a rude guy like you. Ripping your visit's clothes, not even offering her lunch before you have unprotected sex with her and pass your whore STDs..."

"Just. Get out of my house," He said, pinching his nose.

"Will do~!"

"...You're going to spy on us camouflaged, aren't you."

She responded by winking at him before walking to the upper floor, leaving through a window. Yuusei sighed, finally reaching the door and meeting the only sidekick for his agency.

"Good afternoon, Kalianne."

"The hell do you mean, 'Good afternoon?!' I tried calling you three times to discuss today's patrol. What the hell were you doing?"

Huh. He probably missed her ringtone with all the noise inside his bedroom.

Yuusei sighed again, quieter this time, before inviting her inside. "Come in," He responded, scrambling to think of a halfway decent excuse. "I was just about to have lunch. I'll talk to you while I make it."