The door's ringing interrupted Okayu's train of thought, right as she pondered her next move. She definitely preferred the plasticky, laminated feeling of physical Uno cards to the digital version, and only in part because she could catch the reflection in Mio's glasses. Still.

"Nnnh, who might that be?" she yawned lazily. 
"I don't know either, so how about you go and check?" replied Fubuki, annoyed. Her hand wasn't the greatest, especially given that she just made her take five more cards. 
"Eh? Why me?"
"Because you're the closest to the door."
"I don't want to get uuuup..."
"It's probably the UberEats guy." Korone said. "Come on, Okayaun, don't keep him waiting, we're starving."
Okayu wanted to laze around on the floor for a bit more, but a few more doorbell rings and Fubuki prodding her shoulder with her foot finally made her get off her ass. 

It was indeed the UberEats guy. She double checked the order and briefly considered scarfing down some of the food right there at the door while the girls didn't see, but ultimately decided against it. She still needed to work out the payment, though. 
"Korosan, can you toss me my bag?" she yelled.
"What?"
"My handbag, it has my wallet in it!"
"The wallet in the bag?"
"Yes!"
The delivery guy said that they've actually selected the cashless option and she'll be able to select the appropriate tip through the app, before running off with his next delivery. 
"Found the bag! Is your wallet in the small compartment?"
"Never mind!" she said, before a horrible realization dawned on her, and she rushed back into the living room. Korone was digging through her rather bulging bag, half the contents already spilled on the floor. Candy and cookies and used wrappers thereof, pastries and nuts, all sorts of food she could easily carry in her bag, to snack away on later. To top it off, there was a small package of pudding, and she knew that she would be unable to explain away where she got it from, because it was cold. Really cold. 
Because she just took it from Mio's fridge while no one was looking. 

"Hey, that's my package of Pocky!" Fubuki said, digging through the motherlode. "I just lost it in the office yesterday. Or... should I have said that you took it, Okayu-chan?"
"I just wanted a bite..." Okayu mumbled. 
"A bite? There are only two sticks left! You could have asked!"

Mio was looking the most grim of all, almost fuming. She would look kindly to the average observer, but Okayu knew the way her eyebrows looked when she was genuinely pissed off.  "Sit down next to me, please." 
She obeyed without hesitation. 

"Okayu-chan, I don't know what to say any more. Stealing food! I'm so disappointed. Worst of all, you've been doing it for some time, is that right?"
It was impossible to lie to her. "Yes."
"So it's not just our food you've been stealing?"
"No..."
"Who else? Answer honestly."
"I don't know. Shuba-chan, Luna-chan, Lamy-chan... I see a tasty snack, I can't help myself but stow it away for later."
"This is genuinely terrible, Okayu-chan. Are you feeling sorry now?"
"I don't know. Maybe."
"I don't know what to do with you. Maybe we should start making a video right now, and put it on your channel, so everyone could see that you're properly sorry?"
It could be the second cat-astrophe of today and it should have been averted immediately. "No! I'm sorry, I'm really sorry, I'll apologize to all of them later. I swear."
Mio clicked her tongue. "I don't feel like your voice is apologetic enough. What do you think, girls?" Her genmates fully agreed with her, the sycophants. "Alright, we'll deal with this today, and then you'll tell all about what's happened today to everyone you've stolen from. Is that clear?"
"Yes, Mio-mama." Mio blushed. Got it in one, she was already deep into her mommy roleplay. 
"Good. Well, since the majority of the food looks like it's been stolen from us three, I guess we'll have to deal with you ourselves. Okayu-chan, could you please get in place?" 
"Where?" She already knew what's coming, just needed to get her a little bit more pissed.
"Offer it up to me."
"Offer what, Mio-mama?"
"Your ass. Over my knee. Now."

Mio followed her order by grabbing her ear and pulling forward - firmly yet gently at the same time - and Okayu had no choice but to follow, leaning towards her, then plopping herself over her lap. 
"Pants off." Mio said, in the same gravely-serious voice. Fubuki shot up and pulled on Okayu's pant legs, taking them down to her hips, then, with a little more effort, off completely, put them up in a bunch... and then up to her face, taking a really deep breath through her nose, lustily absorbing the lingering smell, the little whore. Mio put her left hand on the small of her back, the other right on top of her butt and drummed her fingers absent-mindedly, thinking about what to say next.

The carefully maintained distribution of Okayu's (frankly somewhat excessive) delicious body fat definitely was a major reason for her popularity among girls, but the regions in which it was distributed had different admirers. Her breasts were obviously the most popular by a large margin, Botan enjoyed her legs and thighs, and Lamy was a big fan of her belly, warming her cold fingers in is folds or drinking sake from her navel. But her fat cat butt was one of her major charm points. Comfortable and soft, big yet very nicely shaped, it saw  — and felt — quite a bit of action, finding itself resting on different faces, being grabbed and squeezed by different hands and so on; on top of that, Okayu gave such an appealing involuntary reaction to being suddenly smacked that for some it has basically become a way of saying "hello" to her. As Mio's fingertips traced her curves, though, Okayu was fairly sure that one or two flirty slaps was not going to be the end of it, not even close.

"No underwear today, Okayu-chan?", she said, leaning her head to the side, and Okayu nodded, not denying the obvious, bare truth. "Tsk, such impropriety. Frankly, that alone would deserve a... stern talking to, but I'll let it pass for now, you are in enough trouble as it is. Now, what do you think are you going to get?"
"Well, I'm over your lap and you're ogling my bare ass, so my guess is «spanked»."
"Showing off your sharp tongue, are you, missy? Pity you decided to not wear panties today, else they would have been in your mouth, serving as a nice little gag." (Actually, ma'am, you have a pair yourself, so if you wouldn't mind...) "Don't worry, though, I can tell you're just trying to get me angry, skip the scolding and get straight to business." (Sharp bitch.) "Well, not working. What you're going to get today is a thorough lesson, and a spanking is just a part of it, though it's important and necessary."
"And overdue." Fubuki chimed in.
"And overdue. Anyway, you're going to get punished until I feel like you're sorry enough. Don't get worried about accidentally enjoying it, it's fine to get too much into the learning process." Too many multi-syllable words, she always gets like this when she's playing the strict disciplinarian, should have gotten a bit of sake in her beforehand. "Any last comments before we start?"
"Uh, sorry for stealing your food?"
"Too disaffected. Try again." Mio tapped Okayu's butt with her palm a couple times, watching the jiggle. 
"I am sorry for stealing your food."
"Hmm. One more time."
"I am really sorry for stealing your food, and I promise I won't do it again."
"Good work. I think it'll sound better after you've cried for a bit, let's make sure, shall we?" Mio raised her hand, and Okayu instinctively arched her back in, giving her a more convenient target.

Mio wasn't really cruel. You could describe her as kind, really. As she raised her hand and brought it down rhythmically onto Okayu's delicate buttocks, over and over, Okayu couldn't help but admire the precisely measured strength of each and every contact. Each time it stung only a little bit, but the stinging lingered, overlapping with itself, and as it went on, with Mio's hand going from the top of her ass down to her upper thighs and back up, it inched ever closer to unbearable. It kind of reminded her of the torture method where a man had water slowly drip on his head, except in this case the water would be probably heated just to the point where it's hot and not lukewarm, and them primary source of discomfort was not just the rhythmic mild bursts of pain, but them being delivered through soft, familiar fingers that she would rather have exploring various nooks and crevices of her body as usual. So not really a good analogy.

As she lied down and took it, Okayu couldn't afford to fully give in — despite being in a fairly embarrassing position, she was a proud cat, and she wanted to go through this next part with most of her dignity intact, which crying and begging for mercy (or worse yet, safewording out!) would be very much not conductive to. Thankfully, Mio's stamina was not infinite, and she was due for a break any second now. Any second. Aha, there it is.

Mio pinched her butt between her index and thumb, and Okayu let out a yelp of pain: it did hurt - not that much, though - but that's what she probably wanted to hear. "Hmm, look at that, reddening so quickly! That wouldn't do at all. Fubuki-chan, would you like to help me out a bit, or should I?"
"Okay, alright." Fubuki didn't take long to respond, stood up from the lotus position near Okayu's feet where she was enjoying the view of her jiggling buttcheeks, prodded them with her little finger for a bit, and then went straight to licking.

Fubuki's spit had anti-inflammatory and numbing properties that were bordering on magical, and probably were, given her family history. A good licking all over sore muscles had an effect better than a tube of ibuprofen and twenty minutes of massage, and in some situations like an idol concert that someone didn't enough physical exercise to prepare for she was a real miracle worker, though she generally really didn't like doing it, saying that most sweat tasted yucky to her — it depended on multiple things like species, moon cycles, diet and so on. She preferred prey animal variants, but Okayu according to her was one of the tastiest predators, and judging from how aggressively she enjoyed the smell of her sweat today, the taste wouldn't be worse. 
It wasn't literally true, but Okayu imagined her tongue working like a Splatoon paint-roller, licking off the red and pink and returning her butt her pristine, untouched-by-Sun pale coloration. Of course, Fubuki's tongue didn't just limit itself to her butt and soon found its way between her legs, carefully nudging her closer and closer to release. Okayu kept her head cool, knowing that there's no way she'd be allowed to come until Mio feels like she's had enough for today, and, in fact, it's her job to warn them to stop in time. Thankfully, Fubuki wasn't feeling like making her elicit additional punishment, and, aided by the numbing effect of her spit, was fantastic at edging. So, Okayu wasn't that close to release when the source of pleasure was gone, and the pain was going to take its place.

Okayu was mumbling something about slaps on wet skin being way worse and also really rude, when her lips were greeted by a finger and a "shhh" from her (main) girlfriend. "Don't know how to occupy your mouth, Okayun?" she said, playfully. "Don't you worry, Korone will take care of it. Come on."
With a single move she took down her plain, white panties down to her knees, then raised her skirt and made a half-step closer, sticking her unshaven muff right in front of her face. Rude and challenging, though supposed that was her point. 
Okayu shrugged her shoulders and went straight to licking, being particular about relying more on the tongue tip and the underside of it, so as to avoud the rough parts of her kitty tongue. Very familiar taste, smell and texture. She was down there so often she could probably get her to orgasm on autopilot, in a better position anyway. Still, she allowed herself to get lost in the routine, all while enduring a new barrage of slaps, still giving no response (because she was a prideful cat, and would take this treatment with dignity), then another licking, this time with Fubuki lubing up her finger with spit and playing with her asshole. It was the third round that was interrupted unexpectedly. 

"Oi, Mio-sama!" Korone said, doing a whole step back.

"Eh? What is it, Korone-chan?" Mio responded, her hand in air. 
"Okayun ain't doing her job properly. You should hit her harder." (Thanks, bitch. What a horrible creature you are. I'm going to pull a trick from Fubuki's book and not allow you to come until you beg forgiveness for this little incident.

Or not.)

"Korone-chan!" Mio said, pushing her glasses up a bit. "Who are you to tell me how to discipline my own daughter? Do you want to take her place right here and now?"
"You wouldn't make me, Mio-chan. 'm jus' sayin', what I do is give 'er a pass or two with a good leather belt and she's lickin' that pussy up like 's a bowl of fresh milk." (It's always about milk with you, you breast-obsessed puppy.)

"I'm going to ignore most of what you've said, of course, but it is certainly true that I'm getting a little tired, and the little naughty kitty here isn't close to crying yet. I don't think we have a leather belt around here, do we?"

Fubuki shook her head. 

"Slippers?" Korone suggested helpfully. 

"No, slippers are silly, too much noise and not enough slappage. Who would seriously use them?" Korone uses them on me all the time, and they're fantastic exactly for this reason, Okayu was about to say, before mentally gagging herself. "I don't think we have a paddle... We should get one, with holes drilled in it to deal with air resistance. Maybe with a cat-themed pattern?"

"A pawprint?" Okayu suggested helpfully. 

"Hm. That would represent a cat slapping someone, rather than the reverse, wouldn't it? We need a special paddle just for naughty cats' butts."

"Ah, so you can use it on Fubuki t-" she chimed in, before yelping a little. Fubuki stopped licking to suddenly outright bite her in the buttcheek (not seriously enough to draw blood, but still leaving canine bitemarks), stood up and went to the other room. What got her so mad? Probably the FBK-is-actually-a-cat joke that she couldn't stand, and thus was even more mad when people who knew that did it anyway, but there was another component to it: casually reminding that Fubuki played the role of submissive fairly often, thus putting her down in status even in this situation. Still, Fubuki was a natural in that role, as Okayu could attest by once accidentally ("accidentally") walking in on Subaru working up her ass with a riding crop for retweeting one too many drawings of her colleagues - and Subaru especially - depicted in ages wayyy beyond the legal limit and the amount of clothing between them wayyyyyy less than could be permitted even in a swimming pool.

Fubuki marched straight back in and overhand-tossed Mio something heavy that she managed to catch mere centimeters away from it hitting her face. "Ooh, nice find, Fubuki-chan, let's see. Se-no~"

Okayu let out a howl of pain. Not one of her theatrical yelps, it genuinely did hurt, like someone briefly set a rectangle of her skin on fire. Wooden hairbrush, old, heavy and cold. Resting on her skin, right on the part of her butt Mio knows is very nice and tender, succeptible to this sort of thing. About to be raised and brought down again. And again. Okayu almost started to cry right then and there. What has she brought herself into?

"See, now that's more what I wanted to hear!" Mio said, after she stopped giggling. "This is a very good addition. Now, I'm going to use this to help you remember not do steal your colleagues' food next time, until I'm completely certain you're not going to do it again. Anything you want to say right now?"

Okayu had a whole speech prepared. She was going to very coolly calmly say "Hit me again", and then Mio would ask what she'd meant by that, and then she would say that it's supposed to be a punishment and she hopes she will be satisfied and so on and so forth, but it just... hurt so much, not at all like it did before. Why were they doing it to her? She wanted it to be over, and to have her holes stuffed already. She was feeling so utterly horrible that she could only force a "sorry..." out of her lungs, before her eyes closed, welled with tears.

Suddenly, she had familiar hands pressed against her cheeks (the ones on her face, that is.) 

"Look at me, Okayun."
She opened her eyes and saw her girlfriend's face, just a few centimetres away. "I want you to look at me, okay? Don't close your eyes. I see this look in them so rarely..." she said, concerned but calm, her country bumpkin accent essentially evaporating. Which one of the two was the real Korone? 
"It's going to hurt now, but you're going to feel better tomorrow. And tomorrow you'll remember this too." she said, before giving her a kiss, really sloppy, her tongue forcing a path through Okayu's clenched lips until it found her tonguetip, as if she was taking the lingering taste of her own pussy right back. She took out a napkin and wiped away the tears mixed with makeup, then put it back in her bag, as if collecting forensic evidence - probably intended as such, too. "It's okay, you'll have to take it just for a little bit longer, it's okay." She didn't move her face away.

it really didn't take long, that wasn't a lie. Mio wasn't cruel, and after Okayu broke down in tears, she brought her hairbrush down on her tortured ass only about a dozen times more before deciding she's had enough for today. 
Fubuki snuggled up to her, hugged her thighs and gave each one of her buttcheeks a kiss, leaving a shape in lipstick right in the middle of a forming bruise, then dove down between her legs, spreading them. Okayu thought her misadventures were over for today, but Fubuki's insistence on playing with her asshole now and then were a mere preparation, and her nimble, cold fingers shoved a buttplug riiiight up her asshole, a bit bigger than Okayu could easily take, and she left out a high-pitched whine as it came in. 
She wasn't really a fan of anal, only taking it when ordered to, but to be frankly with all the buttplay she was concerned with Fubuki taking out a strap-on and going in the hole, her hips slamming against the bruised, reddened skin. Horrible concept, definitely would never talk to her and playfully suggest it for the next session. 
As the buttplug was right in the spot, Fubuki went straight to giving her reward for being a good kitty, all while Korone closely watched her expression with only a slight hint of jealousy. Fubuki took a few breaks, letting Okayu catch her breath and arousal die down a little, before going back at it, and it wasn't after she felt her toes going numb - not from the spit, not from the cold, from sheer extasy - that she guessed this is the round where she would be allowed to come. 
But no, one more break, this one lasting a good three minutes or so, and by the time Fubuki's tongue met her clitoral hood she came nearly instantly, full force, yelling, shivering, thrashing and so on, not even a hint of embarrassment. The embarrassment came later, as she quietly gathered her things and awkwardly went into the bathroom, her walking made weirder both by the plug and her sore buttcheeks.

Okayu was relaxing in a hot bath, her ears perked up and catching hints of conversation going in the rec room though the roar of rushing water. One of the words she caught was "fucktoy", which was unbelievably funny to her. These hags really don't understand what's going on, do they? Each and every one of them. When she met them, most of them were stuck in their shells, unable to say a lewd world to another girl. Now, though? She can have their pick from basically anyone she likes, and one phonecall and half an hour later (plus travel time) her ass will be nesting comfortably on their face. And the group meetings? Don't even let her get started. And all she has to do is play submissive sometimes, something she's already inclined to. Now, though? She's going to get out of shower. Stunning, as always. Smelling clean and fresh. Wearing nothing but a towel — and she picked one that barely covers her figure for a reason.  

And what just transpired for the past hour was that they hurt her for no reason, for yoghurt and cookies, and she has the bruises to prove it. Now they're going to feel very guilty about it, with a little push. Three hot older women, horny and guilty. What an utterly perfect combination. 
Okayu dove underwater almost up to her ears, holding her breath, enjoying the hot water kiss her face.

Now, what did they order her to do? Tell everyone about what's happened today?

The night was still young.