# Anon Finds A Ritual Book 
-> *Anon finds a ritual book in a thrift store and finds out that it is completely legit when it comes to summoning things. He is also however, a bastard that summoned a chaotic rat deity and proceeded to bust a nut in her within the first half hour of meeting. How will things proceed from here? Will he get his nuts beat on by a vengeful rrat? Will he get sloppy toppy from Stuart Little's Hot Topic-shopping older sister? Find out below!* <- 

-> Updated every week on Saturdays. <-
-> Last Chapter: https://rentry.co/3w54g <- 
-> (also known as Bad Baelz Fanfic in the directory) <-
-> ❝ ❞ will be used for Anon's talking, while " " will be for everyone else's speech. <-

***

A wage slave, both at work and at home. After pumping a family-sized dosage of brogurt into Hakos Baelz' tight rat baby factory, she demanded recompense and who were you to refuse? You were now working off your Rat Point debt, which you were at *least* a million deep into. You waited on her hand and foot for at least a week now, buying her a big package of Kraft Cheese Singles every time you came home from work at the grocery store. You're pretty sure the cashier there is on the verge of trying to organize some sort of cheese intervention on your behalf, and you're not entirely sure if you'd stop them either. A human being buying a 44-pack of cheese every single day is either some fiend that escaped from Wisconsin or they're trying to kill some serious (lactose intolerant) demons.

" Fourteen points. "
" Eighty four points! "
" Negative sixteen. "
" Seventy two points! "

You're sure she's completely fucking with you with the random points she gives you (or deducts), even though they're for the same thing most of the time. Lounging around your house like the proud rat she is, you don't even get enough time to stare at her that much anymore because the moment she notices any sort of perverted feeling through your established link, she fills your brain with a cacophony that sounds like [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5C7yjWVhlM&ab_channel=Banke]. 

Damn.

It's not fair, because you're convinced that sometimes lewd images leak into your thoughts from her side, but you can't even do anything to stop it. You tried playing terrible sounds through your head to get back at her, but she seems amused by your efforts. She probably had some means of blocking it out.

So, you pick up some yoga. During your downtime when you aren't cleaning up after her messes, you watch some meditation videos too while you're at it and calm your mind. You get pretty good at it, because you got one goal in mind. Stifle any naughty thoughts and show her you're capable of viewing her in a non-sexual light ~~and maybe that'll get you laid again~~. Given a few days of training your mind to not immediately go to what you'd do to Baelz' tight ass whenever you look at her, your meditation's interrupted by the sound of your bedroom door opening and the telltale sensation of someone sitting at the foot of your bed. You know you locked your door but honestly, she could do whatever she wants.

" Whatcha doin', Anon? "
❝ Meditating. ❞
" Oh. Can I join? "
❝ Go for it. ❞

Even with your eyes closed, you can visualize what she's doing and it almost brings a small grin to your face. She's clearly trying to sit cross-legged like you are, but after a sparse six seconds, one hand starts to fidget around and her energy boils over, making her flop backwards on your sheets. " This is boring as hell! You used to be so fun to poke at and mess around with! What's the deal with all the calming down? "

❝ Well, I'm only doing this so I can hang around you without getting my head filled with loud noises and weird imagery. ❞
You shift slightly, adjusting your posture and sitting straighter. ❝ That, and I figured you didn't want to be around me whenever I looked at you 'that' way. ❞
Through your connection to Hakos, you feel a few skeins of thought reach you and for some reason the primary thing you're feeling is.. disappointment.

" O-Oh. " You can feel her eyes on the back of your head, and you can feel her slowly sitting up. " I-I mean, well.. " She's trying to hide her emotions, but it's like trying to hold back the tide with your hands. " I-I didn't entirely like, y'know.. not like it. " Baelz mumbled, adding in a quiet quick sentence after that, but you're certain she said she liked the attention. A cruel thought enters your mind, and you put a plan into action. It's just too good to not do. 

❝ Sorry, I didn't hear you over the video. Could you say that again? ❞
Baelz suddenly stiffened, and she immediately fumbles over her words with the grace of a newborn fawn. " W-Wha? W-Well, a-ah, um.. I mean.. " She's close enough for you to smell her, and that intoxicating ever-changing smell is incredibly tempting but.. you won't open your eyes. You feel her get off the bed, and now she's standing in front of you. " I-I like it when you give me attention s-so.. could you keep d-doing it? I'll ease up on the, y'know.. "

❝ After my meditation, maybe. ❞
Surprise, plain as can be across the link. " No, look at meeeee! Didn't you say you wanted me to make things exciting? Here! " You hear the rustling of fabric, like.. like something's being taken off and then dropped on the floor. She wouldn't, would she? " Don't you wanna seeeeee..~? I won't charge you any Rat Points just this once~ " 
But you're in it to win it now, and you're doubling down. Remaining firm in your resolve, your eyes stay shut and pass on the potential prize of Baelz' nicely shaped, soft t- No, don't! Letting out a deep breath and inhaling, you get a strong whiff of her scent and it's making you feel all sorts of tingly but in a good way. ❝ I said after, didn't I? Are you maybe.. needy or somethin'? ❞

A scoff. " O-Of course not! Why would I-I be needy over the likes of you, Anon? " She's doing poorly at disguising how she truly feels, and it's great. " H-How about a game? I-If you open your eyes, you lose! Readysetgo! "
Before you can quite agree or disagree to this game, you hear her take a step towards you and then drop to her knees in front of you. Small hands hungrily feel your pajama pants up until they find your flaccid dick. Her hunger is bleeding through your connection, but you have no intentions of making this easy at all for her. If she wants to condemn your thoughts to bad memes and your wallet to cheese purchasing, then you'll be as stubborn as you need to be. Her hands though dainty, are quite strong as one rubs a thigh and the other fondles your junk through the fabric. Her breathing's low, panting breaths as she spends her time happily stroking you until you get nice and hard. 
" D-Don't open your eyes, o-okay? "

But you can't respond. You're too busy forcing your mind to not think about what's happening, and it's just pure bodily functions down low. You're glad you've done calming breathing exercises, because you're just about prepared for the feeling of Baelz' small, warm mouth wrapping around the tip of your cock. " Mmmgh.. " Both of her hands are on your manhood, rubbing the length as her tongue swirls around your tip, lapping up every bit of precum. An eyebrow twitches as she pulls off with a wet pop, her breath warm against your skin. " K-Keep them.. closed.. " Her voice is sort of distant and dreamy, airy and giggly as she drags her tongue across your entire length. Smearing her spit all over with her hands, your dick rests on her face as she turns her attention to your balls, giggling as she trails her tongue against them and plants kisses against them and your manhood. 

Your legs have uncrossed at this point, but she doesn't care. You can feel her hands resting on your thighs, spreading them a bit wider as the familiar, enticing wetness of her tiny mouth comes back to embrace your cock. A pang of terror shoots through your heart as a sharp tooth grazes against the skin of your member, but she's careful to not let them harm you. After all, she's looking to suck another sort of substance out of you.

Light gagging sounds, as Hakos slowly slides her head down onto you, enveloping inch after inch before gagging harder and pulling back all the way and having a small coughing fit. " Ouugh.. fuuuuck.. " She's definitely out of it now, one hand jerking off what her mouth can't reach. " Y-Your taste is... " The rat girl doesn't bother continuing the sentence, but you can guess how she feels about it. Your heart's beginning to beat faster and faster, your meditation slipping as the room's filled with the sound of her hand stroking you and her noisy slurping. As inexperienced as she seems to be, she's hellbent on giving your pole a deep and thorough cleansing with your tongue.

Additionally, your ears are picking up on some new sounds. Wet sounds, but not from her on your cock. You're guessing that her new moaning's not just from servicing you, but from her playing with herself.

" I'm.. hungry, Anoooon.. "
Baelz purred, quickening the speed of her stroking and putting her mouth to good use sucking you off. She's as diligent as they come with her tongue, slowly overcoming her gag reflex and allowing your swollen tip to start smacking the back of her throat, only eliciting small sounds now as her nose presses up against your groin. " K-Keep t-those eyes... closed.. I'm a b-bit of a mess.. " The girl said, punctuating it with a small giggle. You're unsure of how much longer you can hold it in, and she's adapted to how your breathing is, doing different things to see how unsteady you get. 

As her head goes down on you deeper and deeper, her hair brushes against your hands. With how you're approaching your climax, you decide to take the reins. ❝ No teeth. ❞ Before she can quite ask what you mean, you grab the chaos deity by her perfect twintail handlebars, forcing her straight down on your cock. Pleasure coursing through your veins, you thrust upwards into her mouth as she holds onto your thighs, letting out a series of wet slurps and muffled protests as you force your rock hard manhood into her throat. ❝ T-Tell me.. how **this** tastes! ❞ Your climax comes hard, and you make this closet slut of a goddess take a series of hot loads straight into her stomach. 

Letting go of her hair, your body, against your will, opens its eyes as you recover from her blowjob. Looking down at her, you see the redhead grinning at you- shirtless, and pantsless. Dripping wet between her legs, and with strands of your cum on her lips. 
" You opened your eyes. "
Hakos Baelz whispered, licking her lips.