####Morenatsu: Encounter with Kouya's dad (part 2)

"*Italic quotes are you*"

*Fetishes:
-🚨 Dangerous levels of footfaggotry 🚨,
-Sub/Dom role reversal,
-Workout Gear,
-Playful bullying/humiliation,
-Rough sex,
-Messy sex,
-Over-stimulation,
-Musk/Sweat,
-Muscle Worship
-Public Indecency
-Lots of dirty talk*

>It was another slow day on your summer vacation, everyone was either working, or had a club activity taking up their morning so you decided to kill some time at the park.
>You quickly regretted taking a walk in this heat, it must have been like a hundred degrees outside! You were seriously craving something to help you cool down.
>You managed to find a vending machine, but you were a little short on change...
>"I hear the pineapple flavored one is good"
>Surprised, you jumped a little and wheeled around to see Mitsuhisa standing right behind you.
>He noticed that he caught you off guard and smirked "aww~ did I scare you anon?"
>You blushed, "*I-I just didn't recognize you at first, you're dressed differently today*".
>"Oh this? It's my day off so I decided to break in my new gym gear with some jogging"
>He was wearing some fancy brand of compression gear, it was a matching set of tank top and leggings that were leaving absolutely *nothing* to the imagination.
>He stretched his arms over his head languidly, lifting his tank enough that you could see his pits and a hint of his toned stomach. "You like it?"
>You were starting to get hard just from looking at him "*Uh, Y-yeah it's very...*" You couldn't think of a compliment that wasn't about how much he was turning you on right now, *shit,* your pants suddenly felt a lot tighter.
>You tried to adjust yourself to hide it but it was too late. "Am I turning you on Anon?" His voice was suddenly a lot lower
>*Oh god, he saw* This was so embarrassing, he could tell you were getting hard from just looking at him. 
>You barely whispered your reply "*ʸᵉᵃʰ*"
>He walked closer, you tried to back off but you suddenly hit the vending machine. "Speak up, boy"
>He was right in your personal space, you could feel the heat rushing to your cheeks "*N-no*"
>You suddenly felt his hand gripping your dick like a vise, *what the hell is he doing!?* "Don't lie you **fucking pervert**"
>"You're staring at me like I'm a piece of meat, did you think I wouldn't notice your **big dumb dick** getting hard like that?"
>He let go of your cock only to grab your wrist and force your hand into his leggings, he was warm, damp with sweat and *rock hard*
>"You're helping me take care of this, **now**"
>He pulled you into one of the nearby public toilets, cornering you inside a locked stall.
>This was getting out of hand "*Wait isn't this kind of-*"
>"Quiet, you started this" He pulled down his (now stained) leggings, letting his cock bounce free.
>The stall was cramped, every time you breathed in you could practically *taste* his musk and sweat.
>He sat you down on the toilet and grabbed the back of your head "Suck me off, boy"
>You were totally new to this and started slowly playing with the tip of his cock, running circles around it with your tongue
>"Quit teasing you little whore, open wide and watch the teeth"
>He shoved his length into your mouth, there was a salty taste of sweat and precum.
>You slowly worked up a rhythm, managing to get a little deeper each time, keeping the suction going and swirling your tongue around.
>"nnf-**fuck**" He suddenly pulled out, "You're either a natural or you've been practicing on your friends"
> It looks like you were doing too good a job, based on how much his cock was leaking. "I've changed my mind, I'm not letting you get off that easily, now strip, niiice and slow for me"
>You obeyed and he watched, smirking while slowly stroking himself, your clothes were thrown over the dividers until you down to your underwear.
>He pulled one of his running shoes off and pressed his sweaty socked paw into you, pushing you back into your seat
>"You like this kind of stuff too don't you?"
>He started grinding his paw over your bulge, "Yup, rock hard, what kind of **perv** gets off to sweaty feet?"
>The way he was rubbing his paw along your length felt *amazing* and the verbal abuse was somehow making it *better*
>He snickered like he could read your mind. "Next time my place is empty you can come over and do some chores for me, if you're a good boy I'll let you give me a foot-rub as payment"
>*Tch* You wanted to wipe that smug smile off of his face, just pin him to the wall and *fuck him until he was a panting, moaning mess* 
>You were about to stand up when suddenly, heard the main door to the toilets swing open
>"Maaaan practice was *rough* in that heat bro"
>"I know man, Takahara sempai is *merciless*"
>It sounded like a couple of the guys from Kyouji-sempai's soccer team had just come in
>Mitsuhara's cocky sneer was now a blushy nervousness. It seems like he wasn't as confident now that the danger of getting caught was a lot more real
>Maybe this was just the opportunity you needed for some well deserved revenge?
>You stood up, body flush with Mitsuhara's, he was eyeing you nervously but saying nothing.
>You quietly closed the lock on the stall before moving your hands to Mitsuhara's hips, hooking your thumbs into the waistband of his leggings
>Slowly, you worked them down before forcing him to strip his tank top off too, he didn't dare protest since there was still commotion outside of the stall.
>Discarding your own underwear, there you had him pinned, both totally naked with your bodies pressed close.
>You smirked at him before making a shushing motion with your hand and getting to work.
>You started planting kisses along his collarbone and feeling up his meaty pecs with your hands.
>You felt his heart pounding through his chest and could feel his steadily rising erection pressing into your thigh.
>He was still trying to look tough, but his body was betraying how he really felt.
>Feeling brave, you squeezed his hips and turned him to face the door, before lowering yourself to his butt.
>You took it slow, playing with and kneading his ample cheeks before spreading them and lapping at his hole.
>He moved a hand to his muzzle, trying to stifle a moan as you started rimming him deeper. 
>The chatter outside died down as the strangers left none the wiser, once you heard the door shut you pulled away from him.
>Mitsuhara spun around, "What the hell do you think you-"
>Before he could finish, you pushed him up against the door with a *thud*
>" *Shut it old man, this is exactly what you wanted isn't it?*"
>You didn't give him the chance to respond, deciding to push his buttons some more instead. You licked, stroked and sucked all across his body.
>"A-anon this is *ah!* t-too risky!"
>"*You started it, walking around in that slutty outfit, I know you want this too Mitsuhara*"
>"B-but *ugh* what if we get caught?"
>Now it was your turn to smirk "*You weren't even wearing any underwear! Seems to me like you want to get caught. You were still hard when those guys came in. I bet you wanted us to be found out!*"
>"..." He was averting your gaze, but you could hear the soft thudding of his tail wagging against the wall
>"*I thought so, you're such a dirty old man*"
>"*Tch* You cocky little perv..."
>Bullying Mitsuhara-san while playing with his body was fun, but you wanted to fuck him silly.
>*"Mitsuhara, turn back around"*
>Mitsuhara obliged and stood holding onto the top of the stall, looking back at you nervously.
>You were in total control this time. You slowly pressed the head of your cock into his hole, sinking inch-by-inch into the tight, wet heat.
>Mitsuhara was still trying to stifle his moaning, but you were having none of it.
>You picked up the pace, thrusting a little harder until you were balls-deep
>"**Fuck!** Anon please! We have to be caref-**Ah!**" You shut him up with a quick swat on one of his cheeks
>"*I'm gonna breed you **good** old man. You were right, I'm a shameless fucking **perv** I don't give a **fuck** who hears us anymore!*"
>You start working up a pace, getting into a rhythm of thrusting into Mitsuhara's ass
>You can tell the pleasure's breaking down his walls as his quiet grunts and whines turn into whoreish moans and he starts pushing back into you
>There was no hiding anymore, anyone could come in and hear the wet slapping and moans and know exactly what's going on.
>Mitsuhara had finally abandoned all sense of decency "Ahh **Fuck yes!** Don't stop Anon, fucking fill me up! I love your cock! I can't stop thinking about it! **Please breed my slutty hole!**"
>That was enough to spur you on, you reached around and started beating Mitsuhara's cock furiously "A-anon I'm gonna!"
>"*Cum for me*"
>Mitsuhara's hole clenched down hard, sending you over the edge as he came rope after rope onto the floor and you kept hilting yourself inside of him, filling him up.
>You didn't let go immediately, Mitsuhara's hole kept squeezing you as you abused his spent cock, he was no longer making coherent noises, just moaning like a bitch in heat as he spasmed from the aftershocks. 
>Eventually you pulled out with a wet *pop* leaving quite a mess on the floor.
>You both took a few while to catch your breath and recover, before you finally spoke up
>"*So...uh, were you serious about that foot-rub thing?*"
>"Wh-**are you getting hard again!? What the hell is wrong with you!?** Help me clean up!"
>You grabbed some wet toilet paper and started helping him clean up the mess "*...is that a maybe?*"
>"**IT'S A MAYBE IF I DON'T KILL YOU FIRST YOU FUCKING PERV!**"
