---- Scaled Survival: Wyvern Girlfriend by anon [Rev.3] ----
A chad and his girlfriend survive a scaly viral apocalypse together while the virus slowly transforms her into a feral wyvern. Lewd stuff happens.
Tags: Slow TF, Feral Wyvern TF, MxF, Oral, Cloaca, Ovi, Etc
 
This story is presented free and anonymously online. Anyone trying to take credit is lying and distribution is openly permitted so long as credit is not claimed and money is not being made off of it.
 
 
 
 
--------------------------
Her? Kathy was a fantastic one night stand. A 7/10 in the office but god was she a 10/10 in the bedroom. Well, that one night became two, then three. Before we knew it we'd been together for over a month. I thought I was into some kinky shit, but with that girl, everything was on the table. Eventually, we split up. There were no tears or any of those "it's not you it's me" kind of talks everyone knows is total bullshit. Hell, we couldn't talk for 2 minutes before we were undressing each other again. No, the fun had ran it's course, and one day we'd just decided it was over.

Which is why it was a shock when she showed up at my door soaking wet 2 months later. I let her in, of course, and we talked like regular people for once. She wasn't panicked or crying. That wasn't her way. No, she laid out the cold hard facts like one of her budget meetings I was always "too busy" for. Kathy told me she needed a place to hide out, that she couldn't trust anyone else, especially not her family, and that she had... symptoms.

I choked. I admit it. Anyone would've had the same reaction. That virus hit the world harder than it had any right to. One day everything was normal and the next you were pulling that dumb crossbow you just had to have one year out of storage because you couldn't tell if your shut-in roommate was suddenly extra friendly or just hungry. Any sane person would've turned Kathy in. Everyone "knew" how these kinds of stories end. I guess that's why she came to me.

The usual crowd tried to keep it quiet but we'd all seen the vids before the first internet went down. And, let me tell you, I saw some freaky shit. It was like the 90s internet all over again except less jars and more reptiles. Lizards, snakes, dinosaurs, and anything else with scales that all started out as people. Now, I'm not into the real violent stuff, but sometimes you can't help but watch when a thug loses his shit to a raptor with human teeth and a rolex.

Anyway, I thought about it and decided Kathy could stay. I had a spare room then, and I wasn't worried about it spreading because the thing is, everyone has it already. There's no immunity, no cure, and no recovery. You either develop symptoms and you're gone or it's dormant, hopefully forever. So, we all learned to enjoy whatever time we have left, right? The world picked up again like it always does and right then, a part of me was hoping we'd pick up where we left off too, so we could enjoy what time she had left.

The first few days were normal. Not us normal, but normal people normal. I went to her apartment after work and grabbed some stuff while she slowly made herself to home. The Bezosbergs and Zuckersteins of the world were weirdly quick to recover so Kathy spent most of her time with online shopping. Pretty soon my house looked like I had a live-in girlfriend for the first time in, well, ever. I wouldn't normally allow it, but she needed something to keep her mind off things, and I figured it was harmless. She wouldn't even talk about her changes at first, and I wasn't going to bring it up, so those first few days we talked about everything else. Turns out we had a lot in common.

Then one day, Kathy decided she wasn't going to hold herself back anymore and we were back at it again like rabbits. Living together meant no surface was sacred. We did a lot of scrubbing that first weekend. It was great. Eventually she showed me her changes, and it wasn't even that bad. A single small green scale on her back she'd kept hidden with a bandaid. It was smooth in the middle but kinda rough around the edges. She didn't like me touching it, so obviously, I poked it whenever she wasn't looking.

Over the next week, it spread like the virus always does. A few more scales grew around the first, and then it jumped to the front. Imagine waking up one day and your belly button was gone. Like, it just scaled over. Well, she did, and she was pretty upset about it. She wore longer shirts around for the two days it took me to convince her to let me lick it. Don't give me that look. I had to try it at least once, y'know, for science. It didn't really taste like anything, in case you were curious. After, it became one of those things I "had to do" every time we were at it.

That following weekend, I caught her crying in the bathroom. Turns out the virus doesn't jump, it travels, and I had a few guesses what changed, because the very next thing I did was go to the corner store and buy more air fresheners. Like, a lot. We kept the bathroom window open from then on and she stopped being a saladtarian shortly after. It wasn't a moral thing for her. It was just her taste, until it wasn't. Neither of us mentioned it, but our casual sex dried up after that too.

The rest of the month was fairly normal, all things considered. There was another mass outbreak, so no more international shipping for a while, and my job went on hiatus again. That left us with plenty of sex free time together so we did what every other lockdown couple did. We gamed. I started burning through my backlog and she got real obsessed with action rpgs. Kathy wasn't much of a gamer before but something about the challenge paired with the number-go-big just clicked with her. I guess that's why she worked in finance.

Anyway, she grew more scales in that time. She had this cute little green landing strip I wanted nothing more than to discover the end of, but she kept dodging the subject, so I let her have her space. Her nails started to change also. A little thicker and a little sharper. She had to stop wearing socks, but it wasn't like she was leaving the house those days, so she got over it pretty quick.

The biggest change was the teeth. One day they just fell out, and it destroyed her. I mean who wouldn't be? When the next set started coming in, I helped her in the only way I could think of. I went to the pet store and bought a few of those squeaky dog toys. Now, I cut the squeekers out of most of them after that first agonizing day, but one in particular, she was weirdly protective of. I'm not a monster. I let her keep it.

Imagine a pissed off girl with teeth like a raptor, holding a scratched up controller, chewing on a squeaky purple rabbit, and swearing like a sailor cause she died to Malenia for the tenth time. So yeah, I got videos. Tons. I'll show em' to you later. If the internet ever comes back I'll make a killing off that let's play series.

Things kinda accelerated after that; both inside and outside the house. First it was the eyes. Her pupils turned into that expanding line thing alligators have. I caught her staring at them in the mirror one day. Kathy was a little embarrassed the first time, but then she started staring at everything else too. She kept trying to tell me about all these hidden layers to everything, and it all just started sounding like a bad trip after a while, so I learned to tune it out. It was for the best.

Then it was the webbing. We didn't know what Kathy was turning into until we saw it. Sure enough, it grew between every finger, and a solid line went from her pinkies all the way to her ribs. She was pretty conflicted about it. I mean, she was excited about having wings, but she was also losing her hands. Tough trade off, right?

Her claws came in quick after that. Her finger tips could cut chicken thin enough for stir-fry, and yeah we tried it, but the ones on her feet were worlds bigger. She had to stop gaming when her claw went through a button. I offered to find her a disability controller. She told me the tv cabinet had more depth than all of Hyrule. Not going to lie. That one hurt. But, I took it as another one of her trips. Probably. Anyway, I brought her one of those scratching post things for cats and she lit up like a christmas tree. It's the little things, y'know. Which brings us to the next change.

One day her tongue was just, different. It did that snake thing where it split and kinda flicked around in the air. Kathy stuck it out at me every chance she got after that, just for fun. She still does it too. She said her taste and smell were basically the same now. I didn't really get it, but it had her curious enough to try some things in the bedroom again.

Kathy offered to give me a blowjob, like there was ever going to be more than one answer to that question. I was pretty worried about the teeth, but she said she only wanted to use her tongue, so yeah, that happened. Honestly, it was pretty disappointing at first. She had plenty of experience, and I would know, but the longer teeth and thinner tongue meant the normal way just wasn't cutting it. She was having some trouble adjusting, and it got kinda awkward, so I did what I always do at the worst possible times. I made a dumb inappropriate joke. I called the girl with my dick in her mouth Wyvernlady Katherinasax, devourer of lances, and guardian of the couch pillows. Well, the jokes on me, because she was totally into that shit.

She got this look in her eye like she was about to bite my dick off. I froze. I'd seen that look before, but never from her. Not my Katherine. It felt like betrayal. Fuck, I thought that was it. I was gonna die. But then, she coiled her tongue around my dick like a snake, and all my fears washed away. She pumped up and down, from the bottom of the shaft to the top of the head, while squeezing in all the right places. She also did this thing with the tip where it kept pressure on the base like she was milking it. Not counting the 5 minutes leading up to it, that was the shortest I ever lasted. I really tried, but holy shit is she an artist. I came harder than ever before, and she took it all in like she was sampling one of those specialty wines she used to order all the time. We didn't go any farther that night, but I'd never felt more drained so it worked out.

We were finally doing alright again, but that was right around when things hit the fan everywhere else. I remember the reports about the quarantine zones, and the military being dragged out for all the photo ops. Our little corner of the US of A just wasn't important enough for any of it. Despite everything I paid in taxes, we were on our own, and that's probably why we survived. Needless to say, my job was gone the moment the banks crashed. I started having to make trips around to find food.

I think we handled it better than most. There were some rough days. Some nights we went to bed hungry. Whenever my neighbors left I knew they'd never be back, so I raided their houses for anything useful. That kept us going for a bit longer, but I started having to go farther and farther out. Then one day, I came back after being gone overnight, and found Katherine in the middle of the street chowing down on a retriever. She looked mortified but I wasn't one to judge. I patiently waited for her to finish, and let her know it was going to be ok, and that she needed some mouthwash.

We buried the collar in the backyard that night, right next to Craig. Yeah, it was kinda dumb, but it made her feel better about the whole thing, so it was worth it. I waited until she went to sleep, dug my crossbow back up, and we were on the road the next morning. It was pretty much what you'd expect after that. Total chaos.

The first place we camped in was the pet store. Seems kinda pointless, right? Well, we figured we were safe there cause who's going to try and kill us over dog food? It hadn't gotten that bad, yet. One of the employees had the same idea. He was surprisingly chill about us staying there. Apparently, he'd been there since the economy died and just never stopped taking care of the animals out of habit or something. I think the poor guy had been alone the whole time. Well, he saw Kathy's teeth once, and bolted in the middle of the night anyway. I didn't tell her why, and honestly it worked out better that way, because I had a plan.

See, they had this oil that's supposed to be good for reptile skin. So I grabbed a few bottles, and picked up some of those pumpkin spice candles I'd seen all over Kathy's apartment from the home and bath place next door. Then I set it all up in the little vet office with the checkup bed, and dragged her back there for a massage. Kathy was pretty skeptical. She doubted my good intentions. Hell, she knew me too well, but she was stressed so she agreed anyway. She took off her shirt, and bra, and laid down face first.

I started innocently massaging the oil into those shoulders, and worked my way down her arms. I got a few gasps when I rubbed over those growing wing membranes, so I took a mental note to try some things later. Then I started on Kathy's feet. I'm not really a feet guy. A man's gotta draw the line somewhere, right? Well, the sounds she was making told me I better learn to be, so I did some experimenting.

At this point she was basically all toes. Like, I couldn't tell where green scaly ankle ended and weird lizard foot began. So, I worked the oil in kinda everywhere, just to be sure. Except the talons, of course. I wasn't suicidal.

She had these foot pads now, and the noises I got when I started rubbing the sides of them told me I was on the right track. Then, between the pads and all joints were these spots of muscle that had her moaning. I tried licking one. It wasn't great. Tasted like pumpkin spice terrarium, but my Kathy, well, she melted. I didn't even finish the second foot before she told me to wait and slipped her baggy jeans off.

Turns out my girl had been going commando since the tail started coming in. I guess no more black lace panties. Well, there it was, scaly and green and about as long as my hand, straight out the end of her spine. It wasn't like in shows where it sticks out at a 90 degree angle in a sexy animal-girl kind of way. No, this was straight down and it looked like it was starting to take over her ass. I was going to miss that ass. We had a lot of good times together, and got to know each other pretty well. Anyway, I started on her lower back and worked my way down.

When I got to her thighs, she grabbed my hand. Kathy was done with this whole massage game, and wanted something more. She flipped over and I finally saw it. No more ass hole, no more pussy, just a single wet line. I kinda knew what to expect. I'd peaked in one of those iguana books on aisle 3 when she was busy drooling at the pomeranian. Kathy must've been expecting the worst because when I didn't look turned off, her face instantly went from almost crying to that murderous bedroom eyes look she gets these days. So of course, she pulled my hand down right on top of it.

I didn't know how to handle it at first, and I guessed she didn't either. We took it slow together. I used two fingers and just kind of explored around. It was slick, and warm, and the muscles rippled all around me. So yeah, it was pretty great. There was another hole in there but we weren't ready to go down that road yet. Everything else was fair game though. Wasn't long before I had her eyes rolling back so I knew she was ready for more. I slid my whole hand in flat like a credit card and played her like a piano. Between the squirming, and the bucking, and every cute little sound she made, my dick was like diamonds. It was amazing, but I was ready for the main course.

Unfortunately, she wasn't. I started to undo my pants and Kathy told me that was one of the things about her new body she wasn't ready for yet. I was a little disappointed, but she finished me off with her tongue again. It was tough, but I lasted almost 2 minutes that time. All our practice was starting to pay off. That wasn't the last massage either.

Anyway, we were there for a few weeks before we got run out. She'd already eaten most of the animals, and an armed family of 5 took over the corner store I was stealing most of my meals out of, so we were already talking about leaving. Then the swarm came through, and that was that.

They were the quiet skinny ones with the spines. You know, the kind that only go up to around my hips, and are all bones and teeth? Well, there were tons of them. There always are. We didn't hear them at first. No, the first thing we heard was that family. I'd like to say it was poetic justice, but we're all just doing whatever it takes to survive. Which was why Kathy and I grabbed our survival bags and ran the moment we heard the screams. It's not like we hadn't seen zombie movies, so yeah, we were prepared, but we had to leave everything else behind. That was a hard call to make. Damn it, I was this close to getting her to let me put it in.

Luckily we found a truck with keys a few blocks over, because otherwise we wouldn't have made it. After that we did the apocalypse road trip thing for a while. We kept the radio on, stayed off larger roads, and avoided major population centers and military barriers. It lasted for months at least, maybe even a year, and every place we ended up at was the same. Destruction. Riots. Death. But, we still had each other so fuck it. 

Katherine changed a lot after that. Her scales filled in completely, her mouth started stretching out, and everything else got a little larger. Her tail finally grew too big to hide, so I had to cut a hole in all her jeans. The arms of her shirts for her winglets too. I didn't say anything, but she reached that point where clothes just made her look like a dumb mascot, or maybe a cartoon character. There wasn't much human left in there anymore, but she still had a lot of size to gain. Now, I did suggest she go around naked a few times, but that wasn't a new thing so she laughed it off like she always did.

After enough time, Kathy became cool with me touching pretty much everywhere again, so we explored all her new features together whenever they came in. The little fins, the horns, the spines, and everything else you can see. It was just another one of those couples things we did.

Kathy started talking less too. She'd still communicate, and can still talk just fine even to this day, but it's more "normal" for her to do it through body language now unless she has to. At some point I guess I picked up the habit as well. You'd be surprised what a man can get used to when a girl is involved.

Eventually, we had a string of bad luck between the food shortages and the militias, so we ended up spending a while living off vending machines in a motel on the edge of the irradiated zone. That's when I finally learned what she'd been so worried about all that time.

My first clue had been a bit of pudge she was picking up. I poked it for fun and it was, well, hard. I know, I know, but we aren't like that. We keep each other in check. Anyway, she was in full panic mode after. She spent pretty much the whole time sulking, binge eating chips, and tearing through her chew toy collection, while that swelling continued to grow.

Then one night I got woken up when she shoved me out of bed. Most guys would've been mad, but I was just glad she didn't use claws. Katherine spent the next few minutes ripping apart her jeans and carving the middle out of the queen-sized mattress. Sure enough, she squatted and there they came.

It was a lot of clear goop at first, but as soon as she started pushing, I could tell she was in pain. She didn't have a hand to hold anymore so I cradled her head. It seemed to help. Then I saw her hole start to spread and she got this look like she just blue screened out. It wasn't a pain or pleasure thing. Kathy was just gone.

Well, her body kept doing its thing anyway. I could see the muscles working to move the eggs out one at a time. Each lump traveled down to a certain point, then she would struggle for a bit, and out it came all white and slimy. She laid 4 in total. Afterwards, she crouched down over them and spread her winglets around like if she didn't keep them close they were going to escape. I tried to let her head go but Kathy made this cute little whimper so we stayed like that for a bit.

Later we were both just sitting there awkwardly staring at them, so I asked her about it. I mean, what else is there really to talk about when you watch your girlfriend lay a bunch of eggs? Kathy said she felt them suddenly shift to get ready to leave, but then the flying lizard brain took over and it was like everything just clicked into place. Apparently, she was aware of the eggs moving through her but she didn't feel any pain until she came to, hours later. She tried to hide it, but the way she kept smiling at them told me she wasn't exactly broken up about the whole experience.

It was almost three days later before she could talk herself into leaving them. Of course, she knew they weren't fertilized, but I guess she has some kind of instinct now. Another two days after that and her cloaca stopped being all puffy and stretched. What? She couldn't wear pants in that condition so it was on display every time I saw her, which was most of the time. Not that she started wearing pants again after that either. And yeah, we we started using the big "c-word" then.

Kathy had a big change of heart about herself after the laying wasn't so bad. She was actually pretty chill about everything from then on, all things considered. I think she was just more relieved than anything, because she no longer looked so tense half the time. When we were leaving the motel, I even asked her if burying the eggs out of sight would help any. Kathy just said it would be funnier to make up the bed over them and leave it that way for the next drifters. That's my girl.

Well, we had stayed there long enough for her to fully recover, which was longer than our supplies lasted, so we had to break one of our apocalypse rules and head straight into the nearest city. Big mistake. The local human clans were all at war with each other over a few city blocks, and it quickly spread everywhere else. It was just our luck that we'd get caught up in it on a grocery run.

The squad from the heights and the crew from MLK boulevard put their race war on hold long enough to corner us on the top floor of a parking garage. They ran out of bullets ages ago so it was all hardware store and mall ninja shit, but they both wanted my Kathy bad enough to restart the fighting over. At least one thing we could all agree on is having a talking wyvern around is bad ass.

Well, all the bloodshed attracted the ptero migration, and that's when we learned Kathy could breath fire. Turns out the flock had flown in that night and was camped out on the nearby high rises. It was the brownish ones with the head fin thing. Anyway, pteros don't have a racial preference so it was every man and wyvern for themselves. I grabbed a diamond studded trash can lid from a dead guy with neck frills and too many chains, and used it to drag a pissed off Kathy to the elevator shaft.

We made it out onto the street only to be stopped by two fat guys in camo, and Kathy was having none of it. I'd seen the way my girl treats small animals, but this was 10 times worse. For a moment she was all talons and teeth and violence. That was the second time I was afraid I'd completely lost her, until she yelled at me to get down. So I did, and Kathy hosed the oncoming pteros down with fire like she was casually washing that little car she used to drive. No man or dino fucked with us after that. I guess the ads had to learn Kathy was the raid boss.

That night we stayed in a classy apartment on one of those exclusive ptero-only floors. That's when I decided to try my luck again. I took a quick shower, and finished wiping all the ashes and blood off Kathy with a rag and dish soap. She was still riding that post battle high, and I had a plan I'd been working on for a while.

I started by taking the time to scrub all the tension out of her wings. She was looking pretty relaxed after so I did something I'd been saving all this time. I joked about needing to make sure she was clean and ran my tongue from the bottom of one of those flaps, up the entire membrane, and all the way to the top where the joint was. She shuddered; a success. Then I scrubbed from the top of her chest down to around where I saw those eggs start moving from. I slowly massaged around there for a bit before I leaned in and licked where her belly button used to be. "Just had to make sure," I said.

She just laughed at that, but for once, there was no sign of worry in her face. Kathy was too big for me to carry and didn't have hands anymore, so I held her wings around her hooked thumb things, and led her to the bed. She laid on her back with her legs up in the air like a dog or something. They could still stick straight down like a human's, but I guess it wasn't comfortable.

Between her legs and her tail is this flat V-shape where all the magic happens, so that's where I focused on. I straddled her tail to get closer. Then I put my hands on her thighs and slowly massaged inwards, loosening those muscles, until my hands were right above her narrow slit. I ran my finger tips around it with the slightest touch, just to tease her, and watched it spread open on its own.

That's when I did something else I'd been saving all this time. I stuck my tongue in there. I've never had a girl taste good down there before, Kathy included, and she sure as shit wasn't about to be my first now that she was a reptile, but it wasn't bad enough to turn me off. I've had worse from girls I knew were clean. There was a hint of bitterness I wasn't expecting, but otherwise it was ok.

I explored all the little gaps and bumps. Pretty much wherever my tongue could reach it went. Except that other hole. Kathy would've been alright with it. She was always down for everything, but I wasn't nearly drunk enough to try. Speaking from experience. Well, I never did find anything resembling a clit in there after she changed, but the way she always responded told me that wasn't a deal breaker for her. Some areas are more sensitive than others, though.

I started pressing and grinding my tongue against one of her better spots. Instead of rubbing kind of everywhere like usual, I was actually trying to mimic the way my dick would've moved. Kathy's reaction was different that time, too. It was like she wasn't holding herself back anymore, and just existing in the moment. I got all the usual notes at first, between the sounds she was making and all the little twitches, but then something new happened. Her muscles started tightening like they were building up to something, and her face got this look like she couldn't believe what was happening. So, I kept at it, harder and faster. It wasn't long until she hit a breaking point.

Sure enough, her head shot straight back, and her wings and tail curled like a human girl's toes. She shook, and moaned, and panted. I swear I even saw smoke. Kathy was experiencing her first cloaca orgasm, and god was it hot. She was reacting to it like she was a virgin all over again, and I guess she technically was. I kept at it, trying to make her first one last as long as possible, but I stopped to give her a break when her breathing started slowing down. Then I wiped my whole face on the sheets and waited until she fully recovered. I wanted her aware for the next part. I was going to make sure she knew everything she'd been missing out on all this time.

While Kathy was laying there, looking like she was couldn't decide whether the last 2 minutes was real or not, I crawled forward and lined myself up. Nothing was going to stop me now. She was only a few inches taller than me at the time, so I was still able to reach her head just fine. I grabbed her big scaly snout with both hands, brought it right up to my face, and kissed her on the lips. Kathy went from surprised to smirking, and one-upped me by closing her eyes and jamming her tongue in my mouth. Mere moments into our newest battle to establish oral dominance, I slid my dick in, and she forfeited to gasp.

She was slick and wet inside, like way more than ever before, and she has this texture in there now. It caught me off guard at first, but in a good way, like mildly rough sex. She's also way tighter than she looks. You wouldn't think so, but reptile dicks are thin and pointed. To her I probably felt massive, because I could feel the way I was spreading her walls apart to fit.

She nearly won the war while I was analyzing her equipment, because as soon as she realized what I'd done, she gripped me down there like a vice. Then, she wrapped her legs and wings around me, and gripped me like two more. Kathy was giving me that predator look of hers at this point, so you know what I did? I enacted the final part of my master plan. I gave it back! That's right Kathy, I practiced that shit. Two of us have that look now. And her reaction? I'd never seen a girl get so turned on before in my life. Her tail whipped out and wrapped around my ankle in one smooth motion like it was the most natural thing in the world, and that was that.

I'd waited far too long to start slow, then. No, at that point I pulled all the way back to the very tip, and impaled her hard with everything I had. She must've still been feeling pretty sensitive down there because she went went from gripping me so tight it almost hurt to struggling just to hold on. I gave her quite a few of those before we settled into a more natural rhythm, and she was loving every bit of it. My girl was built a little tougher now, and I was going to give her new body the stress test of her life.

For several minutes, we were in our own little world of writhing, and moaning, and hissing while I pounded her into the bedsheets. I kept straining her silk walls by hammering and grinding at every one of those spots I discovered. The whole time I was at it, she was pumping and constricting like she was trying to finish me off all on her own. Knowing her, she probably was.

At some point we started making out again. This wasn't a competition like before. We were just content to explore each other's mouths and tongues for once. I was glad Kathy took my advice about the mouthwash. Also, she had this spot on the roof of her mouth that made her squirm every time I licked it, so me and that spot became fast friends.

The whole experience with her was exotic, and wonderful, and weird, and maybe a little gross, but it was still just my Kathy in there which made the whole thing better. I realized then that I was actually having unprotected sex with my girlfriend for the first time ever. It wasn't like we could have kids anymore. Not unless I started showing symptoms too, but what we were doing might still encourage her belly to swell, and I found that hot to think about.

Anyway, her juices began to soak her scales after a while, reducing a lot of the friction. She'd started breathing pretty hard and couldn't keep her tight grip on my back any longer. I figured it was safe to really get in closer at that point so I started staying deeper and making faster, shallower thrusts. I nearly lost it to the sound she made the first time my balls rubbed into her opening. Every moment after, I was on a tight rope.

When I felt her building up again and knew that was it. Her whole wings curled inward, and her tail coiled as much of itself around my leg as it could manage. She started bucking up against me just as hard as I was pressing into her. As soon as I felt her reach that peak, I pulled all the way back, rammed myself in to the hilt, and came harder than ever before. Kathy's head shot up and she literally roared out in pleasure.

While I filled her tunnel with shot after shot, Kathy was in her own blissful little world. Her walls were working overtime to drain me of every drop, and the rest of her was busy making her last orgasm look like amateur practice before the real thing. We were both just laying there, breathing hard, and lost in the experience for a bit. Between the moans and puffs of smoke, Kathy brought her head back over to give me this smile, with half open eyes, that told me this wasn't going to be a one time thing. It was a good several minutes after, before either of us even wanted to move again.

I slowly pulled out of her and she showed off her new flexibility by leaning forwards, sticking her tongue out, and licking me clean. Fuck, it was hot. Then she leaned further and, holy shit, she did it to herself. I swear to God, if anything was capable of getting me ready for round two, that was it. So yeah, I yanked on that tail like a boss, gave her "the look", and dove right back in there. It hurt, but in a good way. Mostly.

Afterwards, we just laid there next to each other. I mean, there wasn't much to say. What? Did you expect me to lean over and tell Kathy; "Congrats, you're an 11 in the bedroom now and all it took was changing species." No, I didn't talk because we didn't need to talk. We'd both just had the best sex of our lives and were content just to be there with each other. Also, I was mad because she beat me to it.

We stayed up there for a while, and tried a bunch of new positions. Some more natural than others, if you catch my drift. Our relationship was better than ever after that. We did eventually get back on the road. It was around the same time a mysterious fire cropped up in the middle of the night, taking out most of downtown. I blame the clans, personally. Also, the global rewarming. And, it wasn't the city, it was us. We just needed some space, and decided it was best to see other places.

After that we made our way over to the resettlements, and ended up getting a concrete fab house in a lovely little frontier town called Crapshoot, New Ohio. The locals pay us just to live there because Kathy flying around, doing her thing every other day, is enough to keep the new age pests away. I eventually did get a riding harness made for her, but after the first time, that stays in the bedroom. Lately, we've made a hobby out of taking high risk ranger contracts. It's our newest couples thing, which is why that medicine... Oh right, sorry.

But yeah, that lovely 700lb wyvern with the bright blue eyes, perched on the raider van in your driveway. To answer your original question, she's my girlfriend. Now, before you ask the same things as literally everybody else, yes we still do it, and yes it's kinky as fuck. I'll be happy to fill you in on all the newer details later, but you guys should probably know she's expecting me back out with that crate right there in about a minute. If I'm not, she's going to make your driver's seat her own personal territory, and then she's going to burn the rest of this place down. So, do us both a favor and untie me, because all my gear is fireproof, but neither of us wants to find out how bad your other crew smells coming out. Trust me.