Original Posts: [>>48611752](https://warosu.org/vt/thread/S48607925#p48611752) [>>48611947](https://warosu.org/vt/thread/S48607925#p48611947) [>>48612403](https://warosu.org/vt/thread/S48607925#p48612403) [>>48613432](https://warosu.org/vt/thread/S48607925#p48613432)
***
kyo in panic mode because he took ren for granted so now he's trying real hard to offer himself to uki to take uki's attention off ren 
***
kyo loses his virginity because he flew too close to the gay purple sun and gets drugged and raped by uki... he's too ashamed to admit it to anyone, he escapes while uki is asleep but he doesn't know who else to go to so he rings ren's doorbell (they're neighbors) in the middle of the night 
***
kyo doesn't want to admit what happened at first. ren can clearly tell something is wrong and tries to pry it out of kyo until his patience runs thin, it's an ungodly hour of the morning. ren notices the marks on kyo's wrists and face from the ropes and duct rape. he forcibly strips kyo and once he gets the full picture, ren carefully gathers kyo into his arms and carries him into the bathtub to wash him off. kyo struggles against ren's embrace at first but collapses like a ragdoll, kyo is exhausted and confused and everything hurts, and ren is warm, easy and familiar right now.
***
neither of them utter a word over the sound of the shower as ren rinses kyo off. ren wishes he could run him a bath instead and they could get in together, but he doesn't want to let go of kyo for that long. ren wraps kyo in a towel so fluffy it practically engulfs him and carries him to the bedroom. ren leans kyo against his chest with one arm as he used the other to rummage through his clothes for something kyo could wear. once they're finally settled under the covers of ren's bed, ren asks for permission to hold kyo's wrists, to which kyo gives the faintest "yes", and ren starts gently tracing the rope marks there. he doesn't ask what happened, doesn't ask who did it, just runs his fingers over kyo's abused skin for a few silent minutes, then lifts kyo's wrist to his mouth and gives it a soft kiss. kyo finally relaxes enough to drift to sleep. the next morning they wake up pressed into each other, and kyo can feel ren's morning wood against his stomach. somehow, instead of feeling embarrassed or grossed out, it just feels pleasant.