“Yes of course, silly boy~”. Those words echoed in Faolán’s ears as he sat silent for a moment after hearing them. A smile slowly grew on his face as the realization of what was said, moving closer and wrapping his arms around Eudaemonia’s waist. Pulling her form closer to his own as his lips pressed to her own. Even if he knew a thousand times over that she would say yes, hearing the words in person made it feel so much more real. His joy shared with the intimacy of that kiss and being given in return by her.

Under the sweetness that was that kiss, lit only dimly by the moon above and the floating candles next to them were two flushed faces, both attempting to smile behind that kiss. For but a brief moment they were swept fully into the embrace, leading to Faolán falling backwards, taking her with him with a quiet oof. Eudaemonia came to rest on top of him, both panting and staring into each other’s eyes. Not a word leaving either of them as his hands gently caressed down her sides and her own pressed against his chest.

The look that they had given each other was enough to speak a thousand words, their hands continuing to roam along each other’s bodies. Slipping underneath robes to grasp and caress, occasional tugs to try removing the layers of clothing that both wore. Each motion made them more exposed to each other, their lips beginning to interlock once again for another brief moment of intimacy. Eudaemonia kissed down his neck and now exposed chest, giving a sly look up towards him as she reached his waistband.

With deft movements she had unfastened his belt and tugged his trousers down. With a slow lick of the lips, she moved herself face first with his shaft, slowly kissing from the base up to the head. Her tongue rolling along the tip before her head lowered, lips parting to let his cock slide into her mouth and down her throat. A quiet gasp coming from him, hips shifting reflexively to push himself in deeper, one of his hands grasping at the top of her head. Fingers running their way through her hair acting as encouragement. Her head started to bob up and down, the girl gently sucking and letting her tongue rub along him.

As his eyes closed, hers stayed locked on his face, enjoying the sight of him lost in pleasure she was giving him. The man bit his lip, head beginning to tilt back, trying to stop himself from making any noise. Not wanting the two of them to get caught even as unlikely as it may be. “F-fuck Eudae…” His words only encouraged her, those bobbing motions going faster, using a free hand to grasp and play with his balls, attempting to get him to let out those sounds. 

Her attempts wouldn’t be in vain either. It wouldn’t take long before he finally let out a quiet moan, the girl lifting her head to kiss the tip of his cock again and give a smug little look at being able to accomplish it. Something about that look drove him wild, a desperate need rising in him. He quickly sat up, grasping at her to push and roll the two of them, pushing her on her back. Just as she was deft at removing his pants, he was at removing her own. Sliding himself forward and pushing her legs back, pressing his own body down against her own.

His lips greedily kissed at her’s, locking their lips in an embrace as he pushed forward again. Hiding both of their moans as he started to rock himself. Thrusting deep into her body with each of those long, forceful motions. Those sweet moans coming from the two of them as they interlaced their fingers with one another. Locked in that intimate embrace with one another, those wet smacks and moans filled the air. Faolán pulled back from that kiss as his head tilted to nibble and kiss along her neck instead, causing louder gasps and moans to escape her. 

Kisses turned into suckling at various spots all along her neck, leaving mark after mark. That smug look coming to his lips now, the girl tilting her head back to let him leave as many as he wanted, even as her voice struggled out through the gasps and moans “F-Faolán! We have Q-quidditch tomorrow, people will s-see th–” He stole her lips again to quiet her down, pulling back once she had relaxed into his motions again. “I don’t care if they see. I want them to know~” 

There would be no more speaking, those wet smacks coming faster and faster until Eudaemonia’s body tensed up, her moans turning into a long whine as she hit her climax. Her cunt squeezed around his cock, pushing him until he couldn’t hold it back any longer. With a final strong thrust as he shot that hot seed deep into her, breeding her right there on the picnic blanket. Both of their bodies stayed tense for what felt like an eternity before they both relaxed, Faolán falling onto his side as he slid out of her. Slowly wrapping his arms around her once again, pulling her against his chest.

There was a moment of quiet as they just embraced one another, eventually being broken by Eudaemonia leaning up to gently kiss at his chin. “I love you, silly wolf~”. He grunted in response to that final word before leaning down to give her another, much softer kiss upon the lips. “You know I don’t like you calling me that… I love you too~”. They didn’t need to talk anymore after that.  Quietly laying there with each other until the sun began to rise, both groaning over having to leave that embrace and go back to their classes. Knowing they wouldn’t have a night quite that nice again for quite awhile.
