The night always brought a peaceful serenity to the highlands, one that made it near perfect to walk through. It was not uncommon for a witch or wizard to sneak out at night to have a stroll through the countryside, some of the more daring even risked going out into the forbidden forest. Ignoring the rumors of the dangers that reside within it and even giving a quiet “pssh” at seeing the warning signs put up by the teachers. What could possibly be out there? A wild acromantula at most? Maybe a few poachers that could be fooled with a disillusionment charm. Nothing that our daring witch couldn’t handle on her own…or so she thought at least.

On any other night, she may have been correct in her assumptions. A fifth year can handle herself after all can’t she? With a slight smirk and glance up at the full moon lighting her way, she took the first step past the signs. Heading out of the reach of safety and into the night, traversing her way deeper and deeper into the forest. Trying to find a place that another student had mentioned earlier. A lovely lake that was perfect for a bit of late-night skinny dipping, if only to prove that the forest wasn’t as dangerous as Professor Howin always told them in class.

It wouldn’t take long to find it, and all it took was a quick invisibility potion to dodge the sight of a spider. Easy as could be! The girl began to remove her house-garb, the house-colored trim gently glinting in the moonlight as it fell to the ground. Being neatly folded up next to the shore, her wand placed on top of it just in case an emergency happened. Something caught her attention as she began to take her first step into the lake, the sound of wood cracking made her quickly look around. Her heart started to race as she quickly grasped her wand, staring into the dark and seeing nothing, the glow of some lacewing flies at most. 

With a nervous sigh she placed her wand back down and stepped out into the water, unaware of the predator in the dark. A pair of blue eyes reflected in the dark, illuminating for brief moments as the werewolf found the scent it had followed. Yet as much as he wanted to attack, he didn’t. Choosing to quietly stalk through the bushes, keeping his eyes upon her as she seemed to quietly amuse herself under the water. This quiet watch lasted until she finally decided that she had her fun and had proven her own point. Stepping up onto the shore and grasping at her wand, flicking it with a quick spell to dry herself off. 

As her form dried and she reached for her robe she finally saw it. The hound-like face staring at her from a bush, the black-furred creature slowly baring his teeth as he stepped forward. Even while haunched the creature was larger than her, his face tensed into a snarl as she quickly thought out her options. Could she face down a werewolf? Her mind raced to remember everything she had been taught in defense against the dark arts about how one could deal with that and every risk involved. Her breathing quickened as her eyes looked for any way to escape, as the werewolf approached the only good option finally hit her. In her quick search for an escape, she had noticed something else that would save her on this night

Her movements were slow as she set her wand down, keeping her eyes low to avoid frustrating the beast any further. Her steps short and slow as she found a tree to press herself up against, seeming to offer her lower half towards him in an effort to dissuade his initial thoughts. Letting her eyes close and a deep breath to be taken, she waited. Listening to the approaching steps and growl that came with it. Her grasp upon the tree tightened as she felt the warmth of his breath on the back of her neck.

The beast seemed to accept her offer, its larger body moving back and downwards. A brush of fur and warmth rubbed against her slit, the feeling causing her to shudder. The warmth of a tongue against her cunt brought a soft moan from her. A motion that was repeated again and again, a gentle press to slide it within her made her body push back against the lycan’s muzzle. Quivering and moaning as she was prepared for what was to come. The world seemed to move in slow motion as she felt the massive hands grasp at her body, claws pressed against the softness of her stomach and back.

He pressed his body closer to her own, that massive head coming to rest alongside her own as his engorged shaft pressed itself between her legs. Both enjoyed those slow rubs, the witch’s slit dripping with a mix of saliva and her own fluids as her legs rubbed against the cock between them. Those hands grasped firmly as he reared himself back, the girl took a deep breath to prepare herself. Even still, feeling him slide into her caused a long moan. A mix of pleasure and pain both, only ending once she finally felt his knot resting against her. The idea of taking it haven’t not even been a thought that crossed her mind yet.

It seemed that thinking wasn’t on the table for her. The brutish beast begins to rock and thrust himself inside of her body, each motion brushing his knot against her. His feral panting was all she could hear, her body overwhelmed by the sensation as all she could do was enjoy the fucking she had to endure. Again and again she felt that bestial cock pound into her, her body tensing each time as her cunt dripped down onto the ground below them. One of her arms slowly reached up to try to grab the beast behind her. Not wanting him to stop and even seeming to encourage him to take her. 

She would get her wish in time, the beast pushing deeper as his knot began to force its way in. Her body tried to relax and accept it best it could but it wasn’t until it finally popped into her that her body went slack. Eyes rolling back as she felt his seed flood into her body, unable to really move as her body milked him for all that it was able to. Feeling his hands rise up to grasp at her breasts, that squeeze getting a quiet whine from her as she was pulled up off her feet and up against his chest. Various sounds that resembled an attempt to talk came from her but no words ever came out. 

Her eyes started to close as she slowly lost consciousness. Feeling the warmth of his tongue against her cheek before she was gone. Eyes popping open later on, the sun had risen and shined through a window at her. Her clothes and wand loosely covered her still nude form as she looked at where she was…somewhere closer to the castle than she was the night before that was to be certain. Rubbing a hand through her hair as she pulled herself up, wobbling and struggling to stand a few times before she finally started to get dressed.

A final thought crossed her mind as she finished getting dressed. Knowing that no normal wizard or muggle would ever be able to make her feel like that ever again~.
