ORBOT'S ARCHIVAL
Day 1
Dr. Eggman has said he has found another breakthrough in destroying Sonic the Hedgehog. Knowing him, he has likely tapped into some kind of higher power that he shouldn't have. Typical. Ergo, I should try to advise him out of the path, although he's not privy to listen. He always thinks of me and my brother Cubot as mistakes, yet he keeps us around for some reason. Those flesh and blood folk are fascinating in how they're programmed.
Day 2
The doctor has unveiled his newest project to his army of Badniks and any other creatures he has managed to persuade to his forces. It's a lot like Metal Sonic, but with fur. And skin. He calls it "Project X". A long and arduous lecture was given, but I just wrote down the cliff notes. He's been researching a way to channel his hatred and malice of the hedgehog into physical form. A creature that is made of dark energy and bred to kill. I should worry for Sonic and the rest of his friends, but my programming struggles to register that kind of emotional response. 
Day 3
Project X, while supposedly working for the doctor, is getting constantly beaten and savaged by his machinery. I take it that this is Project X's purpose, to be a more resilient training dummy. Each hit causes more and more blood to spill, but something strange I observed is that Project X seems to like it. I don't know how my wiring can process this, but I feel it isn't good.
Day 5
Eggman decided to take Project X on a test run at Angel Island. As per usual, that echidna showed up and tries to stop the doctor's schemes, however Project X soon arrived and touched him. My memory banks cannot wipe that vivid scene from my head. To my recollection, the echidna's flesh started melting off as he screamed. Dark red, almost black blood began to leak from his facial orifices. When all the flesh and blood became a pile of molten rotting sludge, the skeleton started crumbling and dissipated into a sawdust-like material bit by bit. I tried to warn him when he and I were alone, but he wouldn't listen.
Day 8
Today Eggman deploys Project X in Green Hill Zone. He believes that by using Project X to destroy and decay the natural landscape, he can lure the hedgehog out as a ready target. I have a bad feeling about this...
Day 11
Sonic has finally shown his face around the now desolate Green Hill. He does the usual ineffective taunting, talking about how Eggman is sure to lose. Project X sneaks up behind him and slashes him in the back. The hedgehog can barely react before his flesh starts to rip apart and drip off his bones. Eggman believes that he's won, and now with Sonic gone the world will kneel to him.
Day 12
We have been informed by Eggman that Team Dark will be leading an armada full of G.U.N. soldiers to our hideout. They plan to contain and eliminate Project X so that its power cannot be used again. However it seems my creator has other plans, given how he's somehow acquired the Chaos Emeralds thanks to a few Badniks and, of course, Project X. I want things to settle for once, but with the rest of the machines poised for war, I cannot see a good outcome in my prediction logarithm.
Day 13
Everything went wrong. Team Dark immediately stormed our fortresses and made quick work of the robotic army. I and Cubot had to hide in the crevices of the mechanical machinery. We had to save our skin somehow! As Rouge and Shadow started to attack, Project X touched them and they instantly decayed before my very ocular sensors. Omega somehow wasn't effected by whatever force causes mortals to rot away. But physical attacks from Project X's claws and teeth put him out of commission. As Eggman told Project X to take out the rest of G.U.N., Project X instead grabbed the Chaos Emeralds and drained the energy from them. Then, within a fraction of a second, signs of decay started to seep through in every mortal. It started slow, but the effects ramped up. I looked behind me and started to see G.U.N.'s various footmen start frothing at the mouth, their eyes bulging and falling from their sockets, the skin tearing and flesh melting, the blood leaking from the wounds that did not dare heal. I turned around and saw Eggman was nothing but a pile of bloodied bones, bones which started to crack and turn to dust. Project X found us and looked at the rest of the robots. It continued to tear through them just to observe the dead animals inside. It's at this point I feel relieved I run on batteries. 
Day 20
Me and Cubot have searched around the globe. There is no sign of any live organisms, but a few scant corpses have been found. I concur that Project X's power, amplified with the Chaos Emeralds, was able to cause mass extinction on a global scale, successfully wiping out all life on the planet as we know it. This was its plan. Whether it was some form of revenge against Eggman for abusing it or some kind of twisted wish it had stirring within itself all this time, I'll never know. All that we can hope for is some spare batteries lying around.
Day 65 
It's a desolate wasteland as far as the eye can see. No plants, no animals, I doubt even simpler organisms like bacteria or fungi exist anymore. With nothing left, us robots have inherited this world by default. Something I always dreamed of, but not from this. Any other robots we can find are already worse for wear than we are. Gemerl and Metal have assumed leadership of this new order, and from what I can tell Project X isn't interested in anything that doesn't have a pulse. 
Day 113
We're running out of batteries. Metal has torn apart Gemerl in a means to amplify his own ability and keep himself running. Me and Cubot have forced ourselves into exile from him, and I fear the worst.
Day 300
I don't think there's anything else for us to do here, except see what's left of the world. Whenever Project X shows its face, me and Cubot hide. Could it be a kind of instinct?
Day 666
Project X found us. It looks discontent with everything. There's nothing organic left to destroy, nothing left to rot away. Only buildings and monuments to what once was our planet. It did not put us out of our misery, rather, it walked away. Cubot is hoping it does not change its mind.
Day 1313 
It changed its mind. Cubot has been torn apart in Project X's rage, and I'm busy hiding. I'm running out of batteries soon, and with no one to make more I feel my time is nearing its end. Rather I'd shut down with dignity than at the hands of some horrific abomination. If anyone from another planet somehow finds these messages inside my memory chip, and you haven't fallen to Project X, leave this damned place. There is NOTHING left. I have searched the farthest ends of the earth. You will find nothing but an empty, lifeless Hell. A Hell brought on by ego and pride. I hope that at least you gain something from this, for your own sake. Knowledge. Humility. Lowered expectations, perhaps. Anything from stopping another MONSTER like X from being born. This is Orbot, signing off. Forever.