Kazuma Oomori is a well-known face across Japan and many other countries, both as the owner and CEO of one of Japan's largest investment companies, and as a prolific advocate for citizens "giving back to the hero community". Most of the time this comes in the form of charity drives to help cover heroes' expenses for collateral damage. More cynical individuals might note that his philanthropic endeavors have a tendency to highlight only the worst effects of the pro-hero system on everyday lives.

In truth, it's all a convenient front to distract from his identity as the head of an international crime ring. Using his quirk, he has ensnared the minds of numerous people within Japan, as well as parts of Oceania, mainland China, and up into Russia. With their loyalty ensured, he allows them great leeway in organizing their own networks and offering clandestine assistance towards whatever financial goals they choose to pursue - so long as he continues to receive his cut. Whether those people choose to turn to criminal acts to keep up with their payments is, as far as Kazuma is concerned, entirely on them.

A decidedly average-looking Japanese man in his mid-late 50's, Kazuma is meticulous about his appearance - clean-shaven, groomed, and dressed in expensive (but never showy) clothes, each suit carefully accessorized with its own hand-selected shoes, watch, pocket square and tie, all chosen in a calculated attempt to project an image of "wealthy but approachable".

He is more than happy to cooperate with other villains' schemes, though this is always through a rotation of intermediaries bound with what amounts to a supernaturally-enforced NDA lodged in their brain. They will only ever refer to him as "our mutual friend" or reluctantly, if clarification is demanded, by the villain name the media has foisted on him; Charlatan. Demands to meet the man in person will be met first with sincere apologies and a brief explanation of how his quirk works, offering that the intermediary system allows his peers a guarantee that his quirk won't affect them. Further insistence will result in a withdrawal of support; Kazuma has no interest in playing petty power struggles over matters of face.