I was returning back home after a long day at the university, I have been working hard to ensure I get the best grades to make Botan proud since I moved to Japan. Even though I've been living with her for a year, our relationship is more like a son-mother rather than a couple, I'm just a 22 year old university student whose still a virgin meanwhile her age is... well that's up to speculation. I finally arrive home but for a some strange reason the house is quiet, usually I would hear Botan talking in her stream or cooking a delicious meal for dinner but it seems like I was alone. "I'm back" as I announce my presence to see if it generates any form of response. To my surprise I hear loud groans coming from upstairs, I was nervous and wondered who could be making such a noise but after hearing it again, I was confident that it was her. I quickly rushed upstairs to see what's wrong but then paused when I reached the door. The truth is, Botan always made me know that her room was off limits. She threatened to tear me apart last time I entered her room. It actually makes sense since she streams there often and she wouldn't want a guy to be in the same room as it could risk her vtubing career knowing how strict her idol company is. 

I was sweating a little, can't decide if I should open the door or not but the constant moaning and groaning makes me extremely concerned for her. The truth is, I care a lot about her since she's like a mother to me and I genuinely want to be there for her even if she doesn't need me. I finally get the courage to open the door and see what's going on and to my surprise, she's stuffing her face in a pillow and kicking the bed constantly. I quickly apologize for entering her room and ask "What's wrong, Shishiron?". She looks at me with one eye, her face is incredibly red, she quickly stuffs her face in the pillow again and yells "Don't look at me! You're making me feel embarrassed". I knew something wasn't usual, I know that when things don't go her way, she tends to bury herself in the pillow and kick the bed constantly, I ask again "What's going on?" and she shouts "Shut up idiot!". 

After a minute of silence, she lets out an exhausted sigh and she finally answers my question. "I have been going through my heat and I don't think I could stream, I promised my SSRBs a long stream today but it only lasted an hour and a half because I couldn't refrain myself from moaning for any longer". "I wish I could deliver but I don't think I could during this time period. I don't want to announce a week break or else my subscribers will lose faith in me". It seems she cares a lot about her vtubing career, no shocker but she always seemed more laid back and relaxed, I've never seen her worry this much before. She quickly buries her face into the pillow again, assuming she's hiding her tears and shame, I can't help but want to comfort her. I reach for her legs but she quickly starts kicking the bed again. She starts to moan a lot more and slowly positions herself in all fours. 

"I don't even know what to do" I quickly tell the sad yet horny sweaty lioness. She starts waving her butt slowly and says "You know exactly what to do". My face quickly turns red, I can feel my blood cells rushing fast across my body as my dick is getting extremely hard, this surprised me since I never viewed her in a sexual way, she was a motherly figure to me and the idea of her acting seductive was almost non existent in my head but there she is, on her heat, begging for a man to do the job and satisfy her. "Fine I'll make this easier for you", she mutters in a disappointed expression, knowing how hesitant I am, she's doing her best to push me into having sex with her. "But you are an idol, you can't be doing this" I state as she's slowly pulling her pants down, exposing her hairy vagina and massive butt. 

I never thought that her ass was so huge when she's naked, makes me wonder how her pants doesn't rip apart. "I may be an idol all year around but in my heat, I'm an animal" she says in a intimidating tone. Sweating nervously as I never had any experience with sex, they are so many things that could go wrong here but I lose control over my body as I pull my pants down, exposing my cock that's harder than diamonds. The second I get in the bed, all my rational thoughts disappear and the only thing I have on my mind is to fuck her. I slowly penetrate her hairy vagina as she starts to moan, I begin moving my hips and touch her ass, she starts hugging her pillow, covering her mouth to avoid making too much noise. We may have just started but I am already getting the feeling that I'm dangerously close to ejaculating, I guess this is the power of the adidas lion. "Do it faster already", she demands to a first timer like myself. I knew I wasn't going to be good in this so I quickly start thrusting her in hoping it will make her feel better. 

She covers herself in her pillow as I continue screwing her butt. Nearly five minutes in and I couldn't hold it any longer, I can't help myself but bust inside her vagina, creampieing her insides. She starts to giggle a little bit, "I guess you really are a virgin" she says in a smug expression. "But this doesn't mean we're done, you have to continue fucking me until I am satisfied". I knew she was gonna drag this further so I have decided to take a risk and reach for her arms. I start holding her arms while thrusting my cock inside, I need to make this quick before my dick gets exhausted. She starts to moan and groan, much louder than before, I think the neighbors could hear us. I tell her not to be loud but this backfires as she moans even louder than before. "Shut the fuck up" Trevor from next door shouts. What the hell is Trevor doing in Japan? Who gives a shit, I'm fucking Shishiro Botan! 

She starts to pull her tongue out to prevent making any more noise but she just ends up drooling all over the bed, and to make matters worse, she's still aggressively moaning. As this continues on for a while, she's finally reaching near climax as I can feel her pussyjuice leaking all over my dick. So this is the feeling of sex, no wonder so many people are horny these days. She cums all over my cock after a twenty two minute session. I finally pull out my dick after she calms down. I'm relieved I could finish very quick- "Oi, who the fuck said we're done?". Wait did she cut me off?? "Yes" Botan says while bursting out of laughter. "We're far from done anon, this is just my resting period" she says as she rolls over to her back. She starts rubbing herself onto me, "We'll be fucking again in thirty minutes so you better get ready". "Hold on, how many times do you plan to do this?" I ask with a concerned look. "Around 20 to 50 times in a four to seven day period depending on my mood during this heat cycle" she says in a casual tone as if that's normal. "You better be joking?" I exclaim. "I'm only human and I doubt there is any man that could fulfill your demands!" I say in a serious tone. "You're right, I will be more generous and give you longer resting hours, you deserve a reward now that you've satisfied me. I think I can now stream during my heat without risking my subscribers hearing me moan all the time". I am relieved to know she's more forgiving towards me but it's probably because our relationship being established for a year otherwise she would probably dispose me for someone else by now. "Alright I'll make some drinks for us to boost you up for our next session" Botan says while she gets up with my semen still dripping from her vagina. "Hey I believe you should put some clothes on" I suggest but she quickly glares at me and responds "And spoil my outfit with your cum? Hell no!". She leaves the room as I am left alone with my thoughts. I must be very lucky or maybe I'm a victim since she'll be draining me dry for the next couple of days. I ultimately accept my fate since this is what I signed up for the moment I chose to be on her side.