How to set up a wireguard VPN on Amazon Lightsail VPS guide
 
Step 0.
Uninstall the game and bandai namco launcher
Open cmd as admin, run commands
sc delete xhunter1
sc delete ucldr_blueprotocol_jp
Navigate to C:\Windows\ and delete xhunter1.sys
Delete C:\Users\<your name>\AppData\Local\WELLBIA
Delete C:\Program Files\Common Files\Wellbia.com
Navigate to %temp% and clear it out
 
 
Step 1.
Install Wiresock and WiresockUI on your PC.
https://www.wiresock.net/
https://github.com/wiresock/WireSockUI/releases
 
Step 2.
Go to https://aws.amazon.com/lightsail/ and make your account
Once you're in lightsail, create a new instance in the Japanese region
Select OS only, choose the latest version of debian
Select the cheapest plan, you'll get 3 months for free and after that it'll be $3.50 a month
Name your instance whatever you want
Create instance
 
Once it's running, open your instance, navigate to the networking tab and click "Create static IP", make sure it's attached to the instance.
Click reboot and wait a minute.
Now click "Connect using SSH"
Paste and run command sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get upgrade
Paste and run command wget https://git.io/wireguard -O wireguard-install.sh && sudo bash wireguard-install.sh
Leave the IPv4 and port as default, name your client
Choose whatever DNS you want, I used 1.1.1.1
Run command sudo cat /root/clientname.conf for example if I named the client BP I would run sudo cat /root/BP.conf
Copy the port at the end of the "Endpoint" line, by default it's 51820.
Go back to the networking tab
Click add rule, change protocol to UDP, add the port and click create.
Now copy the config in your SSH, everything from [Interface] to PersistentKeepalive = 25.
 
Step 3.
Open the wiresockUI on your PC.
Click add tunnel, add empty tunnel.
Paste your config here, overwrite anything that shows up, make sure it's formatted correctly with linebreaks, it should look like this
[Interface]
Address =
DNS = 
PrivateKey =
 
[Peer]
PublicKey =
PresharedKey =
AllowedIPs =
Endpoint =
PersistentKeepalive =
 
Optionally, add a new line with "DisallowedApps = "
Click processes and add anything you don't want running through the VPN such as your main browser etc, seperated by commas
Now activate the VPN, open up a  browser you haven't added to the list, check what your IP is to confirm it's working, you should be located in Tokyo Japan.
You now have your own VPN in Japan.
 
Step 4.
Make a new bandai account with the VPN running, reinstall the launcher and game, you can try to download the game over the VPN but it will take a long time, and it's not confirmed to be required.
 
 
 
Warnings and optional steps:
The more you spread this method the more likely it is they'll be able to crack down on it, don't and give it to normals and discordkeks.
There's no guarantee this will work long term.
Never forget to activate the VPN before running the launcher.
Always make sure your VPN is working before logging in also.
Don't buy things in the game unless you want your ban risk to rise.
Not confirmed to matter, but you can change your system locale to Japan.
Don't mess with the anticheat in any way unless you want to get banned.
If you're more technically inclined you can try running the VPN client on another machine via proxy for additional safety.