flower god

(author note: this was made a long time ago before I made flower god as a undertale exe, he was supposed to be a creepypasta and i made this notepad and it was so unfinshed until I decided to finish it. I hope you like it and enjoy!!)

hello, my name is mark westson
i want to tell you my story about I met the flower god 
it started on May 20, 1999, and my mom was driving me to my friend's house for a sleepover
i got my flashlight, my blankets, and some pillows. while I'm in the car i saw a dead deer near a tree. 
we were driving to my friend's home when my mom knocked on the door then i heard some footsteps and my friend opens the door.
i walked in his house, i looked back, and saw my mom waving at me and then saying goodbye. i sighed and my friend told me to play some game with him i agreed and we walked upstairs. when i 'was at my friend's room then looked at my friend and he started to power up the tv and the console. we started to play mario, my friend was mario and i was luigi 
after that, my friend's mom called us for dinner. My friend and I walked downstairs and to the kitchen, there was some food on the table, so we ate some food and walked back upstairs. it was pretty late and we went to bed my friend stood up on the bed and turned on the tv. at night i woke up and I'm not feeling a little tired so i walked downstairs slowly and grab myself a cup of water when I was about to drink the water, I hear some noise outside, I went upstairs to get my flashlight and went downstairs. there was a door next to the table, i opened the door then see a black flower with an eye, in my mind I keep hearing touch the flower 10 times. i walked to the flower and touch it then two arms come out of the ground, the flower started to raise but its the top of a white-looking creature, the creature was tall, lanky and the body looks thin but the head was a fake smile marked on the face and same does the eyes, the creature started walking towards me and i started to run to the house, closed the door blocking the creature to coming in then i went upstairs and goes my friend room and back to sleep. I got a dream that the same creature was standing there in a black room, its arm started to raise like it trying to grab me until i woke up to a clock, my friend was gone and I was confused then walked downstairs then saw a note on the fridge. the note was about how my friend and his mom went to the store to get some stuff, i got myself some cereal and then walked back upstairs while I was walking upstairs, I heard the door open i swear the door was locked i went back to check then I saw the same creature standing in the living room, his head reached the top of ceilings but the face looked different like it was mad. while the creature was standing there I tried to run but i can't move at all the creature walked up to me and crouched down and it started to stare at me then it raise both of its hands, the hands carried a handful of teeth then put the teeth on its mouth and the teeth were sinking on the creature. the creature opened its mouth and it revealed that the creature has rows of teeth the rest of the mouth was gone like there were no gums nor any jaw and it shut its mouth and then disappeared again. my friend and his mom walked in with some Groceries his mom told me that my mom will pick me on Tuesday because I don't have school on Monday. my friend ask me to play outside well i said yes then i said yes and we went outside like we playing catch then i saw my friend's mom garden and it gave me a strange feeling, i come closer to the garden in my head I keep hearing touch the flower when i looked this sunflower and the sunflower open its eye and the noise of the wind is getting louder and i hear some screaming from the garden a red figure with flower pedals around their head was standing right next to the sunflower and one red figure touch my shoulder and started to shouted TOUCH THE FLOWER and more of the red figure also started shout TOUCH THE FLOWER, I was scared and started to cry a little then my friend confront me by saying you are okay? then i said yes to him, and started to play again until he asked me to let's explore in the woods, I want to disagree but I said yes let's do it, my friend told his mom that we are going to the woods and his mom told us to be careful while exploring, in the wood my friend told me that he gonna get some rocks and sticks to make small stickman and i also try to get some until something happened i saw a sunflower in the woods I tried to get it when i realize that this is the same flower that tried to get me to touch it but the sunflower is not opening its eye then the creature was behind the flower and the creature looked damaged, the head looks almost rip off and i going to hide but the creature saw me and the creature started to talk in my head the creature kept whisper at me to touch the flower 3 times then i saw a knife out of nowhere and i grabbed it and stabbed the creature but it does no effect, and I realize i have a lighter in my pocket. i grabbed the lighter and started to light it. I found a stick and used the lighter on the stick and i throw the flaming stick at the creature and it starts doing damage at the creature it started to scream and then fell to the ground, i thought i was safe until planted roots start to raise and gather around the creature and the sunflower was starting to form with the creature, in my head the creature is still talking and its stop and i saw the same red figures gather around the creature and the sunflower and started to chant "YOU CAN'T KILL GOD" 6 times then the red figures heads were ripped off and the bodies are round with the creature then the sky turns red, the creature was alive in a new body. the body of the creature had dead roots and a skeletal body with veins on its neck, back, and chest, with long fingers and pedals, look overgrown and the creature want me to call itself flower god. I was scared then flower god raise its arm and a vine was coming at me, I dodged the vine and ran away from the creature but there was another one, I got tripped by one of the vines flower god was standing right next to me and grabbed my head and it was going to kill me until i realize I still have my lighter and used the lighter on the vine and i was free from the vine then I found a shed, I got inside the shed and I found an axe then I heard the door so I grabbed the axe to seek what is going on, there was an open crack on the door but I got confused like where is flower god then I realize that it was behind me and I quickly turn around, flower god tried to grab me but I dodged it, I ran away to hide behind of a tree, I hear some leafs crunching then I found my lighter on the ground but it didn't work. i grabbed the axe again and come out of the tree and shout at the flower god "HEY YOU"  it turned around and walked closer to me, I slowly walked back away from the creature then I decided to throw the axe to its eye and I throw the axe to flower god and it hit on the eye and flower god was screaming and trying to take off the axe but I found a random lighter on the ground of nowhere and i used it on the creature, it was working the creature was screaming but the creature eye popped out and there were hands coming out of the eye socket and i still hear it screaming in pain before it tried to grab but fell down to the ground, I saw some ashes coming out of the creature. my friend found me while I was staring at the body i told my friend do you see the body on the ground but he said did not see a body on the ground and i was in the belief that was over.  the aftermath: it been year since the incident so i went to see my therapist, i told my therapist about the story but he said the flower god is not real but I saw it in person and it tried to kill me, I went back from home then saw someone planting a sunflower in their garden but i want to know flower god is gone for now.      THE END

(author ending note: wow thanks for reading my pasta even tho im bad at writing but i have fun while making this also yes i did use porcupine take of flower god for this pasta because i went out of ideas but i hope you enjoy this creepypasta and i get it it was bad or something)
