As the white-haired oni girl entered the room, you stretched and reclined in your chair. A year ago you had been nervous as all hell in this situation, but at this point it was more of a routine excercise - though still a very enjoyable one. Ayame stood next to you, waiting for you to kick things off as usual - you could see her nervousness in how she was avoiding eye contact, but with her slight smile she was clearly more coy than uneasy. You almost couldn't wait to get your hands on her body, but you controlled yourself to not ruin the foreplay.

"You know what you did, and why you're here?"
"Yes", she answered confidently, almost playfully. "I was cheeky to an inappropriate degree and am here to receive my punishment - a spanking, to be precise."
"Correct, you'll be getting one of those - with this." You grabbed the small wooden paddle lying next to you and showed it to her - you rarely used it, and it had never ended well for her yet.
"Oh shi- I mean, thank you for your effort in training me to become a better-behaved girl." Ayame quickly recovered from the surprise, pulled down her tiny black panties from under her dress and let them drop down to her feet.
You sat up straight and tapped your legs; your cute punishee obliged at once and lied down across your legs on her stomach, her arms and legs not quite reaching the ground with how short she was compared to you. You shoved the clothes that were in the way up her back and held them down with your arm to finally take a look at the supple oni butt you were about to make bright red - it looked as tempting as ever, and Ayame knew you loved how she wiggled it slightly.
"Any last words before we begin?" Ayame was not allowed to talk during the procedure, so these would be her final words until it was over, when she would thank you for the correction once more.
"Um...well, I definitely deserve this with how I've been. But could you maybe be...a bit merciful with my behind today? You can always destroy me however you want tonight, but I...I would like to be able to sit down later." It was never not cute how Ayame's confident tone during the foreplay would give way to, at least in part, genuinely insecure pleading once she was lying across your lap - submissive, exposed, vulnerable. But as far as you were concerned, letting her cuteness save her had worked enough times in the past.
"Hm, why would you need to sit down? You might just be tied down on the bed for the rest of the day - I'll feed you and play with you until you feel better."
"Well, I..." said Ayame, interrupting herself with giggles, "I...wanted to...to stream later today!"

It took another thirty seconds before the paddle finally came down on Ayame's ass, which she had laughed off over her own joke at that point. But you couldn't blame her, as you yourself had been unable to stop laughing at the notion that she might actually stream. Only after ten or so strokes you finally calmed down and found your rhythm. Who knew BDSM could be fun in this way also?