The Hogwarts express is surprisingly cold in Winter, especially for you, who's used to the warm and cozy Hufflepuff common room. You considered yourself a lucky witch when you were one of the few who won this school trip. Now that you're heading back to Hogwarts on the cold train, you don't feel so lucky anymore. As you make your way through the empty carts, trying to find one that's less cold than the others, you suddenly freeze in your tracks. There is someone sitting in one of the seats. You recognize him immediately even without the stylish Slytherin robes, how could you not? After all, he was the first person to ever call you 'beautiful like a veela', he was the one who took your first kiss in a tight embrace, and he was the one who made you a woman. This last part turn your cheeks red even more than a year later. The handsome young man covered in a warm blanket looks at you, and smiles.
'My little badger, what are you doing here? You must be freezing!' he says on a concerned tone as he opens the blanket, inviting you. 
While you're finally getting warmer under his  blanket, you learn that he was visiting his family during the break and you tell him everything about your trip and the things you saw. As time passes you notice that something isn't right, he still didn't make his move. Usually his hands would have already wandered to places and he would call you a 'naughty girl' claiming that you are excited about the thought of getting caught. You know that he is about to make his move soon, you are sure of it. You prepare yourself, every minute feels longer than the one before as you get more and more worked-up. Soon you start rubbing your thighs together, feeling like the anticipation is killing you. he finally looks at you with a hungry grin and reaches forr your chin, moving his lips closer and closer to yours, as he plants a kiss on your lips. But then he stops? Wait, this isn't right.
'This can't be it!' you think to yourself before noticing that you just said it out loud.
'Hm? Am I denying you something?' he asks you with a cheeky smile, knowing all too well what he's doing.
'Please.' is all that comes out of your mouth as you turn away shyly. 
'I think I like when you beg for it, maybe I should make you do it more.' he whispers teasingly into your ear, as his hand slides under your robes, his firm, yet gentle hand resting on your bare chest. 
One thing is certain. You weren't cold for the rest of the ride. When you got off the train, your legs were still a bit shaky. When you both reached the School's gate, he whispered something into your ear, something that sent down a chill on your spine. 
'Meet me in the Room of Requirement later. I haven't seen you in almost two weeks, and I really want you.'