“Hi!! my collab with @Kaneko_Lumi will be postponed to next week same
day same time due to some personal unfortunate circumstances, which
are, by the way, unrelated to our relationship!! Catch us next
week!!!”

Hitting the send button, the girl with light blue hairs in wide curls
and two golden antennae on her head turned around, moving her gaze
towards the woman on the floor.

This person had long blonde hairs, tied in two buns on the top and was
wearing a very revealing top and a pair of black shorts. Her mouth was
shut by a piece of strong tape and her hands and legs were tied with a
very strong rope.

“Now that I've taken care of this, it's finally time for just us…”

The girl lifted the blonde woman and carried her towards a secluded
room. She dropped her on a crude bed and started to remove what little
clothes were on her, unceremoniously.

“I'm sorry, Lumi… I forgot it's already the mating season… we
shouldn't have scheduled that event… it's not you, it's me, really…”

Saying trite apologies, the azure girl had completely undressed the
woman and proceded to remove her own clothes in an almost awkward
hurry.

Once naked, her body started shivering and she moved a hand towards
the fleshy gates in her nether region, while she pinched one of her
bright pink nipples with the other hand.

Moaning loudly, she used her hand to guide a growing, blue organ
outside her pussy, slowly freeing it from the crutch of her folds; the
fleshy alien tube growing larger and longer until it was completely
outside, with the girth of an arm and the lenght of the owner's torso.

Slowly yet aggressively, the girl reached for the woman's body and
began to kiss it: on her chreks, then down her neck; slowly she moved
towards the woman's breasts and she nibbled on the dark
protuberances. Then, as she moved down the belly, she started licking
the pale skin of the woman in a frenzy, going up and down her whole
body; her tongue elongating more and more as the girl reached every
spot, like a salivating slithering snake.

As the intensive licking continued, Lumi began to shiver and her
breath became heavy. The blue alien girl then freed the woman's legs
from the rope binding them, then slowly spread them apart. The
glistening soaking pussy of the blonde woman welcomed the alien
tongue, making her moan loudly.

Satisfied, the azure girl moved her tongue towards the blue tube,
licking it a few times to make its whole length wet. Then, she pushed
it against tge woman's lower lips until it was inside. Lumi recoiled
at the girth making way inside her, visibly bloating her belly; her
eyes rolled back and she arched her back.

Once she was completely inside, the azure girl hugged the woman and
started moving her hips up and down, pistoning her flesh tube in and
out of Lumi's pussy. Hear breath became heavy and erratic, then
suddenly she removed the tape sealing the woman's mouth, her moans
finally free.

The loud screams of pleasure were once again muted as the alien girl
kissed the blonde woman; her tongue intertwined with the other, then
going down the woman's throat as its length unfolded.

Soon, the pistoning accelerated and both girls moaned loudly,
culminating in a scream of pleasure. A green, viscous liquid erupted
from the blue fleshy tube connecting the two. Exhausted, the woman
limped on the bed, the alien girl keeping her organ inside.

Slowly, a large egg-shaped bump made way through the tube, moving
towards the woman. The object stretched Lumi's folds even more as it
passed through, settling itself inside her womb. As soon as the object
reached its destination, another bump formed on the tube as another
egg made its way toward the connected uterus.

The alien girl kept pushing egg after egg, bloating the woman's belly
to inhuman proportions as her womb nursed the fertilized eggs. After
pushing the last egg inside, the alien sprayed her green liquid one
more time, then retracted her blue organ inside her body.

Still breathing heavily, she went back to her computer and started
typing:

“i am dying i hate outside so much and last minute plans”