## Lost Dreams
by HelloAnonMyOldFriend; Apr 2nd, 2017
***
Loose follow-up to this story: https://rentry.co/9cmip
NOTES: Male Summoner x Male Human. Contains EXPLICIT content. You have been warned.

***

&emsp; &emsp;The calm darkness and silence of sleep slowly subsided as I slowly and groggily regained consciousness, waking up with eyes still closed. I felt warm and gentle pressure all around me. I must have fallen asleep next to Lerix again, probably in an embrace. Ever since that day when we became a bit too close, we were much more intimate around each other and most of the nights, we slept cuddled together. I never thought I’d hit up a relationship with a Summoner, a male one even, but it just sort of happened and I was happy with him. I felt strangely light and when I regained a bit more of my senses, I realised that I can’t feel the bed below me. There was no weight of the blanket on me, either. I opened my eyes and looked around, followed by panicking.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;We weren’t in bed at all. Lerix was floating near the ceiling, still asleep with me in his arms. I gasped and shivered from the sudden change of situation. Not that we were really that high up, but Lerix’s head was almost hitting the ceiling and I was good two metres above the ground. My spasm has awakened the demon holding me, his wings slowly beginning to move around. He had no visible eyes, but it was obvious when he noticed what happened.
&emsp; &emsp;“What in the name of sin is this…” he muttered quietly before realising that I’m there with him.
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, oh. I’m really sorry, I don’t know what happened.” He said more loudly in an apologetic tone, seemingly looking at me, then behind me, then again at me. The fear left me when he woke up, so I just hugged him more tightly and planted a small kiss on his cheek before reassuring him, “It’s fine, just a bit scary. Well, it was scary when you were sleeping, it’s okay now.”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;He calmed down and began descending and moving towards the room’s door before slowly releasing me on my feet. I felt the sudden weight as gravity applied to me once again but thanks to the adrenaline rush from the awakening it wasn’t too bad. I turned around to get some clothes (Lerix usually slept wearing his skirt resembling a fustanella while I didn’t bother with anything), looking at the nervous demon and asked him, “So, what was that? I didn’t know you could float away when sleeping.”
&emsp; &emsp;He looked behind me, thinking, before responding, “Me neither, usually we stay in one place, even if floating. Then again, a periodical sleep without being restrained is something my kind has started practicing only after finding refuge here.” He seemed lost in thought at a sudden memory.
&emsp; &emsp;“What do you mean, ‘restrained’?” I asked while going through some clothes.
&emsp; &emsp;“Summoners – priests in blood temples – used to be held by chains when resting. Hell religion and everything, you know.”
&emsp; &emsp;“You were chained when sleeping? Why?”
&emsp; &emsp;He began slowly floating in circles and explained, “Being able to fly is one of the Summoners’ greatest privileges. Unlike Cacodemons and Lost Souls, we were also high in the demon hierarchy. And the more important you are in Hell, the more expected you are to suffer. One of our regular rituals was to chain ourselves, to take away our endowment of flight. It was usually accompanied by other ‘punishments’. I’m lucky my wings have always healed properly afterwards.” He finished and grabbed one of them, inspecting its fleshy structure and running over it with his long fingers. I was in a bit of a shock; his previous life always got more brutish with every memory he shared with me.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;A silence followed. I found some shorts and a t-shirt and I asked Lerix while pulling the fabric over my head, “So… does that mean you’re… sleepfloating?”
&emsp; &emsp;He stopped and looked at me, “I’m what?” he asked curiously.
&emsp; &emsp;“Well, humans generally don’t move when sleeping – they become paralyzed, basically – but some can get up and walk around or even do stuff, while still sleeping. We call it sleepwalking.” I explained while Lerix listened, “Sometimes it’s funny. A guy I knew back on Earth used to cook and then wonder why he had a pot or a pan full of food in his fridge in the morning. It all comes from knowing your surroundings well – those people have closed eyes and aren’t really conscious when doing this stuff. And, well, sometimes it’s not that nice as people can hurt themselves without even knowing it or flat out die.” When I said the last word, the tips of Lerix’s wings raised and trembled a bit and he asked worriedly, “Do you think I’m dangerous, then?” I smiled and comforted him, “Of course not. You held me close and you wouldn’t drop me, right?” I approached him and hugged him, dragging him a little lower. When I released him, he was smiling again.
&emsp; &emsp;“Come on, let’s get something for breakfast, my Summoner.” I couldn’t help but giggle at the awkwardness of that phrase.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“So, what do you think was the cause of that little incident back there? You never flew away while sleeping, at least not nearly as far as tonight.” I asked the Summoner as I ate a mouthful of eggs from the plate in front of me. Lerix was closely looking at the toasted bread he was holding before smelling it and taking a bite.
&emsp; &emsp;“Frankly, I have no idea. I’ll look into this later, but I’ve never heard of this. There are a few cases of Cacodemons flying away while sleeping, but their floating works on a different principle than ours. We use a complicated process to power us with Hell energy – you call it Argent – while the voracious meat sacks use internal gases of varying density. It’s not as effective and precise, but it’s less energetically demanding and it’s easier to keep it under control subconsciously, or so I’ve heard.”
&emsp; &emsp;I listened and grabbed another bite before realising something, “Lerix? Were you… dreaming of something? Do demons even have dreams?”
&emsp; &emsp;The Summoner slowly stopped chewing and swallowed the bit of the bread he was eating.
&emsp; &emsp;“Hmm… I didn’t think of that. Maybe there could be a connection.” Lerix grabbed a bit of eggs on his fork but held it in air while continuing, “I’m not completely sure what kind of dreams humans have because while our sleeping habits look similar, they’re really not. I don’t know much about your kind’s, but there are differences even on the most basic levels. For instance, we don’t have sleeping phases.” That caught my attention. Humans have several repeating phases and dreams occur only in the last one, right? I told that to Lerix and he replied, “Interesting… so your brain occasionally increases its activity, terminating dreaming before going for a different one several times a night?”
&emsp; &emsp;I raised the fork I held, “Exactly. And we usually don’t remember those dreams. If we’re lucky, maybe the last one before we wake up, and it mostly aren’t the nice dreams that we can recall later.”
&emsp; &emsp;Lerix paused eating to take a sip of tea, so I returned to finishing my eggs. A moment later he put down the mug and said, “Strange, we also have multiple dreams when sleeping, but it works a little differently. All that aside, we can remember and re-act our dreams, if we want to. I never did that since getting here, I always feared what I would see. But since this might concern you, I’m interested in what happened.” He looked at me, hands folded on the table and his empty plate on the side. I swallowed the last bit of my breakfast and looked at Lerix.
&emsp; &emsp;“You don’t have to do this, you know? Dreams are just dreams and nightmares are, well, just bad dreams.” I reached over the table and put my hand on his. He grabbed it and looked at me again.
&emsp; &emsp;“But I need to.”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;“So, how are we going to do this?” I asked, hopefully ready to enter Lerix’s mind. There was almost no preparation, so we just sat on a sofa, far away from anything sharp or hard in case we would lose control of our bodies and collapse on the ground.
&emsp; &emsp;“Usually, this process wouldn’t be voluntary and definitely not unrestrained,--” he started.
&emsp; &emsp;“Is everything in Hell done while restrained?”
&emsp; &emsp;“Anyway, you need to know some things. First, the dream won’t be a replay like you might think of it, it’s basically a forced re-enactment. If the memory concerned you, you won’t be just a passive viewer and the same applies to me. If that happens, don’t panic; there’s only one way things can go and even if things go awry, we will hopefully be fine.” The Summoner pointed on the sofa, “You should lie down; at least it’ll be comfortable for you. Now,” the slim demon grabbed my hands in his thin fingers before sitting on me, his sharp knees stabbing me.
&emsp; &emsp;“This is kinda weird, isn’t it?” I asked. If it wasn’t for the possibly scary spiritual experience we were planning, this would be pretty arousing. Lerix’s lips formed a smile that made this whole scene even more thrilling before he let go of my hands, his palms moving towards my head. He grabbed my temples and instructed me to do the same with his own head. His skull was smooth, but there were rays of ridges, moving towards the artefact behind that gave his head its distinct shape. I held it tightly in my hands, feeling strange pulsing from inside it.
&emsp; &emsp;“Alright, this process in itself shouldn’t hurt, but it will feel strange for a human. Get ready.” He began chanting in an unknown language and I felt quick vibrations coming from his skull through my arms. The top of his head, mainly the basins between the artefact and his forehead, started glowing mildly with red light. The intensity of the quakes and the light gradually increased and so did the speed of Lerix’s incanting to the point where I couldn’t distinguish any pauses between words. The last thing I remembered was the red and white glow coming from my demon mate’s forehead before I heard a loud thunder, followed by darkness.
&emsp; &emsp;
***

&emsp; &emsp;The soft sofa was replaced by something hard and cold. I breathed in and was almost overthrown by the smell of sulphur and dust. I exhaled and took in the air again. I could sense something metallic in the air – blood. I opened my eyes and was greeted by a dimly illuminated room made of stone. I tried to move but I quickly realised I was chained to some kind of a table or an altar. My hands and feet were wrapped with shackles while a steel rope was uncomfortably pressing on my neck. I couldn’t really move my head around, so the only things I could see were top parts of the walls that were decorated and sculpted with various demons and inscriptions. Save for some rough briefs, my body was completely bare. There was a source of warm light somewhere behind me and based on the quiet crackling noises, it was most probably fire. Other than that, I couldn’t hear anything.
&emsp; &emsp;“Lerix?” I called out in the dark. Nothing.
&emsp; &emsp;“Hello?” I asked again. Suddenly, I heard quiet flapping somewhere from behind.
&emsp; &emsp;“And hello to you, too.” A voice came from that direction. It sounded smooth, but not comfortably so like Lerix’s voice. I tried to look up and back, but couldn’t. I wasn't able to move my limbs, either.
&emsp; &emsp;“Don’t bother, even if you managed to get out, you wouldn’t even leave your bed.” The voice was now much closer and was moving to my side. Every word sent shivers down my spine, it sounded sleazy, but that wasn’t what was scary about it. It sounded evil. I couldn’t comprehend why exactly, but I didn’t want to stay here with it. I fidgeted around enough so I could finally see my captor that was now next to the table I was chained to.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;It was a Summoner. For clothing, he was only wearing a crimson skirt with black runes on the top. I couldn’t see his face, but his body was very much visible. It was covered in scars, slashes and bruises.
&emsp; &emsp;“Who are you? Where am I and why?” I asked towards him. The demon floated behind the altar and I could see his face now. The top of his head was obscured by a black mitre with a red upside-down cross on it. The bottom of it was folded up, revealing more runic patterns on the inside of the clothing. His mandibles and cheeks were adorned with various pieces of jewellery that looked like they were painfully hooked in the Summoner’s skull. He was still smiling with a little bit of dried blood visible on his lips. He raised his long-fingered hand and ran his nails on my feet.
&emsp; &emsp;“Will you answer me? What is this place?” I asked again, shouting and throwing around in my shackles. The demon has just chuckled and his grin grew even wider. He looked up and stared at me with his eyeless face that was now better lighted and I could see the details of it. Those teeth, yellowed with red spots on them seemed familiar in their shape; the proportions of his facial features; the spots where his bones were punctured with jewels… just like embossed scars on the face of a Summoner I knew.
&emsp; &emsp;“…Lerix?!” I gasped, now more quietly and scared. The tall demon floated up and grabbed my legs, finally answering me, “I must say, at first I thought you just garbled something nonsensical,” he started as he began floating closer to me, his fingers moving across my calves. The grin on his face grew wider, exposing his blood-stained teeth even more, “yet now there’s no doubt about it. I don’t know how you came up with this insulting caricature of my name, mortal,” The Summoner’s face was now above my chest and his nails were scratching my stomach just like his dripping voice was grazing my ears while caressing them at the same time. His cold body was rubbing against mine. I was fidgeting around, trying to keep myself away from him but there was no use. I wanted to beg him to stop, but he continued, “But it won’t make any difference now. You’re mine,” he brought his lips to my ear and whispered, sending his cold breath in it, “how long will it take before Tek’hi kah-de Lehrixin breaks you?” He stopped moving, lying on me. I could feel a tear coming down my face.
&emsp; &emsp;“Lerix, why?” I asked quietly. As a response, a fleshy wing pressed on my mouth, muting me. Without warning, a hand grabbed my face and dug deep with its sharp nails while a pair of legs clamped my chest. I almost couldn’t breathe while yelping from the pain, my lungs being pressured from all sides. Warm blood mixed with tears was flowing down my face while my ears were filled with maniacal laughter and growling. What was this nightmare? Suddenly, I felt nails of another hand gently moving down my stomach in circles, slowly making their way towards my abdomen. Panic filled me as I anticipated in agony what was going to happen.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;But then, the movement suddenly halted to a stop somewhere on my underbelly. The laughter died down, too and I felt that the claws mauling my face were losing on intensity. The pressure on my chest eased up, letting me breathe. Before I could wonder what was happening, an ear-piercing shriek from the demon ringed through the room. He let go of my head completely and I could see him floating in air, writhing in pain. The room started twisting around as if I was looking at it through a layer of turbulent water. My view was slowly turning red and the Summoner’s screams started to fade out, echoing for a long time while my sight was getting blurrier and darker. Suddenly, all the pain stopped. All feelings stopped.
&emsp; &emsp;
***

&emsp; &emsp;I woke up again. I was tired and groggy and my whole body was sore. I felt shackles around my limbs once more, but this time there was an added pressure on me, dragging me down. I was freezing as gusts of cold wind were blowing against my naked body. I opened my eyes and realised I was chained to a wall. To my surprise, I could move my head freely, but I felt numb. First thing I noticed was my bruised body. At least all the limbs were in their place and I wasn’t in severe pain. I looked up and around and checked my surroundings.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;I was in some kind of a tunnel made of rough, sometimes collapsed stone bricks. The wall in front of me had large square holes in it that served as windows. I saw sickly yellow sky outside, bringing in the smell of sulphur, smoke and rot. It didn’t serve as the only source of illumination as there were torches and fires in the hallway. I looked to the side and almost screamed in horror: a mutilated body of a giant demon – probably a Baron – was fixed on the wall much like I was, its dead eyes looking on the ground where a drying pool of blood was formed. I looked away and tried to figure out how to escape. I noticed the cadaver’s chains were very rusty but my own shackles were in pristine condition, only being slightly covered in dust. There was no way I could break free from them; I was too weak to attempt that even if they were corroded and old, like the hellion’s. I was too tired for anything. I collapsed in my prison and stared at the ground.
&emsp; &emsp;“Lerix, where are you?” I thought to myself. Then I realised what happened. There was no Lerix, only the sick monstrosity that was his past self, a true demon, only living to torment others. The good memories were slowly fading away. My Summoner’s gentle voice and calm attitude, all twisted and corrupt. There was no one and nothing I could look forward to seeing and embracing. The Hell has broken me. I was tired; maybe I would die in the sleep. Could I even die when I was already in Hell?
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;As I was slowly losing consciousness, I didn’t care about things happening off to the side of my sight in my drugged state of falling asleep. Something moved. I shifted my eyes and saw a pair of Imps, running through the hallway. Their eyes were glowing and saliva was dripping down from their sharp-toothed maws, locked in a wicked smile. Suddenly, they stopped in front of me. They looked hungry. I couldn’t care less. I was seeing almost black, drifting away to coma and didn’t notice the flashes of red light through the windows. I didn’t register the muffled sounds of screeching monsters. I didn’t feel the sudden lightness as something freed me and grabbed me. I instinctively wrapped my arms around them before falling asleep.
&emsp; &emsp;
***

&emsp; &emsp;I groaned a little as I twitched around, still stupefied from my slumber. I opened my eyes very slightly. I was in someone’s warm embrace and we were flying. That’s nice. I hugged them closer and wanted to go back to sleep when I realised what was going on. I opened my eyes more and moved my head slowly to look around. Bare mountains made of sharp rocks were moving beneath us with some flashes of red lightning blinking in the distance. I slowly shifted my body and looked up to see who was carrying me. It was that Summoner, the one that chained and tormented me. He wasn’t wearing his satanic hat and the jewellery seemed to be gone, leaving little bloody cuts on his face, instead. Even then, I knew it was the malicious demon. I panicked and began yanking around, trying to free myself. I didn’t care I would fall down to my death; it would probably be better than whatever this monster had in store for me. The demon noticed this and held me closer while trying to keep himself balanced in flight.
&emsp; &emsp;“Please… stop.”
&emsp; &emsp;I froze and obliged. His voice was… different. It sounded brittle and grievous, yet still smooth like butter. I looked up again. His face wasn’t twisted in an evil grin; instead it was filled with grief. If he had eyes, he would be silently weeping tears. He looked down at me and I trembled, but didn’t retaliate now. There was a different, calming aura radiating from him; maybe it was just the warmth spreading from him, but I didn’t fear him anymore. I relaxed and snuggled closer to him to avoid the ice-cold wind and watched the rough surface of Hell flow beneath us. I heard a quiet “I’m sorry” before I went numb, falling asleep.
&emsp; &emsp;
***

&emsp; &emsp;The warm pressure disappeared, just like the cold blowing wind did. I was in limbo again, my senses picking up absolutely nothing. A few seconds later, however, I felt something. Instead of floating in void, I was lying on something flat and soft. I smelled a cosy, fresh and neutral smell. I thought my eyes were open but they were not. Realising this, I unshut them.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;I was in my apartment, resting on the comfy sofa, drenched in sweat. I was greeted by Lerix’s face with a horrified expression in it, his mouth agape with pristine, white teeth inside. He was visibly exhausted, the glowing embers on his chest almost dark. He collapsed on me, shaking and breathing raggedly. I wrapped my arms around him and hugged him tightly before raising my hand and caressing him on the back of his head that was resting next to mine, buried in the couch. He couldn’t see the tears coming down my face. Minutes later, the demon calmed down and his body was now regularly moving up and down as his breathing got quieter. He broke off the hug and sat up before hiding his face in his hands, his long fingers and nails wrapping his head like a spider.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;I followed soon after, trying to think of something to say, but Lerix spoke sooner, his quiet and shaking whispering muffled by his palms, “I didn’t want to… I didn’t want to hurt you. I tried to end the dream sooner but I couldn’t. My past has overtaken me there, I knew what I was doing but couldn't break free. I’m… sorry.”
&emsp; &emsp;I moved closer to him and put my hand on his shoulder plate. I tried to think of what to say but my mind was pretty much empty.
&emsp; &emsp;“Lerix, I…”
&emsp; &emsp;He lowered his arms and looked at me.
&emsp; &emsp;“I’m not angry, I’m just glad that we—“, I was suddenly interrupted when Lerix moved away and uttered, almost angrily so, “No, stop. Do you still not understand it? After what you’ve seen there, do you still think I was some kind of a slave unwillingly obeying my dark lords, wanting to escape? No! I was gladly their thrall, serving our cause!”
&emsp; &emsp;He looked away and his voice calmed down a bit, “My entire life I was like that thing that tormented you back there. No regret, no mercy, abuse and spilling blood were my pleasure! Maybe I’m different now, but I can’t change who I wa—“, now it was me who cut the other one off, “And you still don’t understand that I. Don’t. Care.”
&emsp; &emsp;I grabbed Lerix’s shoulder again and he looked at me, confused. I continued, “It’s you who saved me from that wall. Without you, I would have died there.”
&emsp; &emsp;I moved closer to him and held his other arm. I looked up at his face. He was worried but his expression seemed to slowly thaw and relax. I kept going, “It doesn’t matter who you used to be, it’s about who you are now, not who you were in that god-forsaken place,” a pair of hands slowly and gently wrapped themselves around my back as I continued, “and that’s all that matters.” I let go of his arms and moved my palms to his ridged blue chest before saying my last words.
&emsp; &emsp;“I love you, Lerix.”
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;All movement stopped. Did I really say that? Not that I didn’t almost say it on several occasions in the past few weeks but something always prevented me from doing so. A surprised expression appeared on Lerix’s face but it soon melted into a slightly nervous smile.
&emsp; &emsp;“I, oh… well, I didn’t know how to…,” this was the first time I saw him lost for words, “but I think… well, I think I know that…,” I felt the corners of my mouth rising in a little smirk, “I love you too.”
&emsp; &emsp;We stared at each other for a second before I grabbed the back of his head and gave him a kiss that he quickly repaid.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;One minute I was in hell, the other I was in heaven, with my demon. Our lips joined and tongues twisted together, we caressed each other, enjoying our physical contact. When we stopped and split up, the taste of my hell lover still on the tip of my tongue, I took a moment to breathe in while still in a tight embrace, my body wrapped in Lerix’s wings. I leaned closer to him again, as much of our bodies as possible grinding against each other. I held on to him, my arms wrapped around his back and neck while he supported my head, his fingers ruffling my hair. Still lingering on to him, I reclined back, slowly approaching the soft sofa behind me, until I hit the surface of it with a quiet thud.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Lerix, realising my intentions, grinned lusciously, just like I did. He leaned over, closer to me, his hands still between my back and the couch. I felt his palms move from under my body before crawling under my shirt, dancing on my stomach and chest, gently scratching it with his sharp nails. I hissed in anticipation and looked at my demon lover. He looked at me and his smile grew even bigger. I took off my t-shirt and partially sat up, supporting myself on my elbows and watched Lerix who was now lustfully inspecting the area below my abdomen. One hand still touching my modest abs, moving up and down to feel the soft mass on my body, the other reached out like a spider higher before its fingers intertwined with mine. We stumbled a bit, trying to figure out how to hold hands with different numbers of digits, but we managed to do it, my five short fingers wrapping around the Summoner’s four long, crimson, bony claws and our palms rubbing against each other.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;The bulge on my shorts became impossible to miss, creating a sudden protrusion on the black fabric in front of Lerix’s face who let out a fluttered purr. At least, that was the best way I could explain the sound he made. It was even more flanging than his normal voice and a massage for my ears and heart. His free hand moved down and grabbed the bump through the shorts, gently brushing it with his fleshy fingers. I huffed in pleasure and held Lerix’s hand tighter, who suddenly lowered his head and planted his face in my crotch, rubbing against it while purring, sending tiny vibrations through my pelvis. He looked funny doing that and I couldn’t help but giggle at the sight of him, acting a bit like a cat trying to rub her back. He stopped and looked up, entertained smile on his face.
&emsp; &emsp;“Something wrong?” He asked with a grin on his face before extending his tongue and licking my covered privates hardly, leaving a glistening spot on the dark cloth. I sighed from the unexpected little jolt and Lerix didn’t wait for another, more articulate answer. He buried his face again and I felt sudden warmth and wetness around the top of my member, the Summoner’s tongue brushing its surface in circles. Although covered with shorts, it still felt amazing. A few seconds later, the waves of pleasures stopped. I felt nails moving along my abdomen again before grabbing the band of my underwear. With a look of lust on his face, Lerix slowly moved the piece of clothing down, revealing my stiff manhood that, once free, stood up in its full length a few centimetres in front of my demon lover’s lips. He grasped it lightly between two fingers and curiously played with it, inspecting its texture and shape. Not gonna lie, I totally did that with his, too. Suddenly, I felt soft bumps as Lerix patted himself with the hard appendage on his cheeks before sniffing on it. As I opened my mouth to question it, a quiet moan escaped instead as Lerix’s long tongue wrapped itself around my cock, moved up and made several circles on the tip and frenulum before quickly slithering back down, leaving the standing appendage glistening with the Summoner’s thick saliva.
&emsp; &emsp;“Wow, you’re really… enthusiastic today, Lerix.” I mentioned. The demon made a quick lick with his rough tongue, sending a short shiver through my spine before responding, his voice deep and filled with need and love, “I don’t know, your… scent is stronger today.”
&emsp; &emsp;It took me a second to realise that I was still covered in sweat from the bad dream that, while mostly dry already, was probably more intense than usual. Did Lerix like it? Well, another reason to work out more. A chuckle came out of my lustful demon before he lowered his head and only with his lips gnawed on the base of my cock, licking it almost ferociously before moving even lower to my testicles. One hand still joined with mine, the other grabbed the rest of the member as he began jerking it. Admittedly, it was always a bit of a scary view to see Lerix’s really, really long black nails, perfectly trimmed and sharp that close to my manhood but I always calmed down, seeing him be so skilful and careful with them, instead focusing on the pleasure the scary, yet beautiful demon I loved brought me, getting lost in moans and groans.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;But I wanted something more. I didn’t want to just receive the pleasure. I wanted to see bliss on Lerix’s face, not just need. Not breaking the handhold, I raised my arm and slowly moved forwards.
&emsp; &emsp;“What are you doing?” The Summoner asked curiously as I sat up on my shins before closing on to Lerix whom I gently forced to lie on his back. I looked down on the demon’s white skirt with a sharp bulge in the middle of it. Grinning, I looked back up to Lerix with a nervous smile on his face.
&emsp; &emsp;“Oh, don’t tell me you don’t wan—“, I started when I suddenly felt an arm behind my back, pushing me forwards. Extending my limbs, I stopped right above Lerix’s face. I barely noticed his other hand untying his dress before grabbing one of my supporting arms. Without my control, the palm of my hand moved across the demon’s ridged and bumpy body before touching a long, warm appendage. I closed my eyes to focus more on my sense of touch, feeling the surface of my lover’s member, bumpy and a little rough with a wide, smooth and soft ribbon of muscle on the top side where the base connected to Lerix’s abdomen, before encountering the sharp-sided and sharp-ended tip, hot and burning. I heard Lerix breathing out heavily as I gently moved my fingers across his weapon of lust while I hummed in satisfaction.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;I sat up a little to reach for the Summoner’s fleshy neck, lightly gnawing on it and the more rigid borders with the skin before moving up to his chin adorned with two minor mandibles. I lightly brushed his cheeks with my lips before centring on his mouth. We joined our lips once more, but it wasn’t really sensual this time, instead, our tongues were twisting around each other, almost battling for dominance as we both tasted each other’s saliva, perversely indulging on it, tasting it, drinking it. While I was slowly speeding up the movement of my hand on the Summoner’s cock, I felt his fingers return, dancing on my shaft before making fast, steady movements, copying those I was doing.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Both of us pleasuring each other with our mouths joined, our grunts and moans resonated in our skulls. After a while, our mutual jacking off got in the way of us trying to rub our bodies together, our tired arms instead moving up as we each grabbed the other’s head from behind with both hands, forcing ourselves on each other even more. With nothing to push against our stomachs painfully, we embraced each other fully, our cocks rubbing against themselves. While this slowed down our incoming climax by a lot, we didn’t mind. Quite the opposite, actually. I felt Lerix’s hands let go off the back of my head to slide down my spine, rubbing, massaging and scratching it before continuing lower and grabbing my butt, squeezing it. I tried to gasp but Lerix continued without breaking the long kiss, gripping and pinching my cheeks further. I couldn’t understand why, but it felt strangely exciting and I loved the sudden small feeling of submission during our equal grind. I could swear I heard the incubus laugh quietly while circling his nails around the inner sides of my ass while the Summoner’s wings freed themselves from beneath him and he wrapped them around my back tightly, moving them side to side in rhythm of the rest of our movements.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Our dicks smoothly but hardily grinding against each other in a hands-free frotting session, the unmistakable feeling of incoming blissful end began creeping on me, the periodic waves of pleasure starting to feel almost painful in anticipation. I felt the same was true for Lerix, too, his noises quieting down and his muscles tensing up, including his wings that pressed us together so much I almost couldn’t breathe in. We both sped up, so much so that I felt mild heat from the friction from where our cocks were being rubbed. Luckily, that was it – Lerix’s saliva didn’t feel that thick, but it seemed to last forever. Okay, it was pretty thick, I thought to myself as I swallowed some.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;I couldn’t contain it, the tingling became too irresistible and suddenly, I felt it rise too far over the edge. My whole body shaking in Lerix’s tight grasp, I climaxed, my over-sensitive member spurting out loads of cum as I moaned, overwhelmed by the power of the orgasm. Not even a few seconds later after me, Lerix came. My own sounds became muffled as my head resonated with beautiful noises of my hell lover, melodic moaning mixed with not-so melodic groans. Lerix’s vocal reaction alone would be enough for me to fall into a trance. I felt his hot cum on my stomach and chest, blending with my own, every shot accompanied with another delightful noise. We both needed to breathe in and we moved our face away from each other, our mixed saliva still dripping down my lips to my chin and onto Lerix. Finally I was able to see his face, twisted in an orgastic expression, his mandibles twitching with his mouth wide open, blowing loads of hot breath in my face while his head artefact weakly glowed and pulsed red as his moans subsided into quiet ‘nghh’s following his twitches of ecstasy. He looked so beautiful and happy, I wished for this moment to last forever.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;Slowly, the aftershocks of our culmination faded away, but the soft feeling of content stayed. I collapsed next to Lerix, exhausted, and wrapped my arm around his shoulders before resting my head in the valley above his chest plates below his neck, the burning fires on his body turning into little embers.
&emsp; &emsp;“Lerix…”
&emsp; &emsp;I heard and felt him purr when I said his name. I didn’t know what else to add, any logical thinking replaced by careless felicity. I noticed the thick globs of cum on our stomachs, his on mine and mine on his. I scraped it with my fingers before licking it off as one last lustful action before most probably passing out. Not as exciting as getting a hot load in my face but still rousing and strangely heart-bonding. I closed my eyes and leaned back as I threw the semen around in my mouth, indulging in its somewhat bitter taste with a fresh aroma that, best I could say, I’d compare to some kind of a citrus, before swallowing. I looked at Lerix who did the same, humming to himself and we shared a short loving look.
&emsp; &emsp;“We're really fucked up, aren’t we?” I asked, a nagging smile slowly forming on my face. The demon licked his lips and stared at me for a second before cracking up in laughter. I realised I haven’t heard him really laugh, yet. It was a wonderful sound, so cheerful and lovable while still carrying a dark demonic tone, but not in a scary way, rather it was strong, captivating and imposing. But the word I would describe it the best would be… cute. It made me want to hug Lerix and embrace him while hiding a little satanic twist. I couldn’t help but laugh, too, my own cackling sounding like shrieks to my ears in comparison. Our laughter calmed down and we returned to our quiet embrace, mute love filling the air.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;I was really tired but Lerix looked to be on the brink of falling asleep and I realised that there was no blanket on the sofa. Gathering last bits of strength, I slowly stood up.
&emsp; &emsp;“W… where are you… goi—…” The tired demon muttered sadly. I didn’t reply and instead turned around and picked up the light, thin Summoner from the couch. With a quiet “Thank you,” Lerix wrapped his arms around my neck. I carried him into my room before setting him in the soft bed. I couldn’t suppress a yawn when joining him a moment later to hide under the thick, fluffy covers. I felt warmer almost immediately and even more when Lerix curled up and snuggled close to me, his head lying next to my chest. Our hands found each other and we locked our fingers together before the slim demon murmured something as he fell asleep. I soon followed him.
&emsp; &emsp;
&emsp; &emsp;The dreams better be nice this time. And according to Lerix’s blissful smile and wings gently moving around, they were.
