It was another one of those nights, Faolán needed to take the night off from his prefect duties and make sure to entrust them to Ioni. Being sure to say don’t abuse that “deputy” badge that had been given to her and to tell any other prefect what was going on rather than try to dish out punishments on her own. Rather quickly taking one of the side entrances out of the school. Needing to get out earlier than he had expected and head out into the woods before he was spotted, not wanting to be seen, knowing it always caused rumors to spread about where the “wolf man” was off to at night. 

The bubbly girl was curious though, waiting for him to be off of campus grounds before quickly skipping and hopping to catch up with him. She wanted to know exactly what he was up to when he was out on full moon nights. He denied being a werewolf adamantly in front of everyone so maybe he was out catching magical creatures! Wherever he had gone, he had gotten far away from the castle rather quickly. Ioni followed the trails that most students went down for some time before noticing something odd. Faolán’s coat hung on a tree branch, the girl plucked it from its place and put it on. It was rather cold out and even if it dragged along the floor when she wore it, it was surprisingly comfortable!

She followed the path way further, assuming that he must just be deeper down the trail. Getting rather lewd thoughts that he might be skinny dipping in one of the nearby ponds for a brief moment. As the warmth of a flush came to her face she picked up the pace with her movements, wanting to catch him in the imagined act. A wandering and excited mind made her miss the warning signs as she passed them. Shredded pieces of fabric along the ground and claw marks gouged into the trees. It wasn’t until the howl echoed into the night that she started to rethink her decision. A chill of fear ran down her spine as she stopped and quickly looked around.

Nothing but lacewing flies and leaping toadstools moved. Her rapidly beating heart and quickened breaths started to relax. The decision to return to the castle and wait for him to return was made. Ioni turned around and began to take a step, bumping clean into what she thought was a tree. The growl that came from it though brought all of that fear back, head very slowly looking up at just what she had bumped into. All that was waiting for her were bared fangs and piercing blue eyes. Her mouth opened to scream but she was cut short by his pounce towards her. A massive clawed hand grasping around her face to keep her pinned to the ground.

This was going to be it wasn’t it? Out of everything in the highlands to get her a werewolf was going to be it for her? Maybe Faolán heard something and could save her before it happened! Her eyes closed as the beast moved its muzzle closer to her, sniffing along her body before beginning to pull and tear at her unusual choice of attire. Leaving the coat undamaged, preserving only the barest amount of her dignity in doing so. Her mind raced about what it could be doing, why would it want her like this and why wouldn’t it just carve through her like it was supposed to?

Her thoughts once again cut off by the warmth of a massive tongue running along her stomach and up all around her bust and neck. That once cold skin tingling and feeling surprisingly… good at its touch. Lick after lick was given to her body, that tingle never stopping as her body grew aroused at the touch, starting to relax against his touch. The massive hand letting go of her mouth and reaching to grasp at her body, lifting her up off the ground by the ass. Her eyes opened as she looked at the creature, confused as to what it was doing, stuck looking at the beast in those big blue eyes.

The realization hit quickly as she felt that massive engorged shaft resting between her cheeks. No one had ever told her werewolves were interested in things like that or that they could be so… so gentle. Another long lick was given to her cheek as the hound rubbed itself against her. A soft moan escaped her lips as her arms reached up, wrapping around the back of the werewolf’s neck. Maybe not all of them are bad, maybe it would do this and just let her go after and she could forget about all of this night. 

Those rubs and grinds sped up, the monster stepping to press her back against a tree. The coat protecting her from the rough wood and his chest provided a comfortable warmth. Her own body pressing against his to get closer to keep warm. With a surprisingly slow push, she felt the tip of his cock press against her slit. She couldn’t fit something that big! There was no way she’d be able to. Or so she thought, the hound let out another long growl and pushed again, spreading her open as he pressed up to just before his knot. His grasp upon her body tightening as his hips began to rock.

She hadn’t even begun to think about taking something that big inside of her before. Yet here she was, those moans continued to escape her as she was bred again. Something about it felt right… The creature’s grasp felt strong and assertive, yet oh so protective. She anxiously moved, lifting her legs to wrap them around him. It was so wrong, she should be afraid, she knew she should be afraid, but for some reason she was loving this. Each push into her body caused another moan to come from her. She tried her best to push back against him, rolling and rocking as much as she could with the position they were in.

She didn’t know how much time had passed, how long she had endured being bred by him. Mind having emptied of all thoughts except rolling her hips with him. It was only when he pushed up to the knot once again and stopped that she was able to pay attention again. The hound stared into her eyes and kept her focused there. She got lost in that shiny blue gaze and barely noticed his firm push. As his knot popped into her body her mind broke, eyes rolling back as she reached her climax. Dripping fluids onto the ground below them and tightening her wrapped limbs. 

In those last conscious moments, she felt her womb flooded with his cum. The creature holding her smaller body against itself and attempting to thrust more, even if they were now entangled completely with each other. Her head drooped against him as she blacked out, unable to take that feeling anymore and not caring about what might happen after. The night passed and suddenly she found herself awake again. Suddenly jumping up and looking around at where she was.

The woodsy décor was an obvious sign of it being the Hufflepuff common room. Did she dream all of that? It would have been one hell of a wet dream if she did. She glanced down at herself and saw she was still wrapped in Faolán’s coat. She looked around a bit more and realized that it was his bed too. She hadn’t been here since he had punished her and Florana, he must have just found her the night before. The door opening caught her off guard as the man himself came back in, bringing a few of the snacks that were stored throughout the common room. “There you are, I found you in the highlands last night”.

So last night had happened? Was all of that real? As she shifted her body up, her entire lower half was sore and that was all the answer she needed. Smiling towards Faolán and realizing something… Those eyes were familiar, that same bright blue from last night. Did that mean that he really was a werewolf? She shook her head and decided not to ask, just enjoying the small breakfast and thinking that if that was true that maybe werewolves weren’t so bad. Or maybe it was just the one in front of her.