#Provisional Hero License Exams, START!

The National Quirk Analysis building is a shining beacon of sleek and modern architecture. The entire front facing side is constructed of stylized glass, reflecting the bright morning sunlight. Where the sun shines brightest are solar panels cut and angled in a way so that they reflect enough light to seemingly glow in the shape of "NQA". An amalgamation of the works of some of the best supporters and architects in the world, the NQA building is touted to be the perfect testing grounds for even the most dangerous quirk out there. However, just for today, the building is being used for a different purpose.

Many able-bodied youngsters are gathered in front of the NQA building waiting for permission from their teachers to enter. Every single person here is buzzing with anticipation and excitement. After all, who wouldn't be? This is where they're getting the chance at earning the ever so sought-after Provisional Hero License! The kids from Shiketsu's 1-D, 1-E, 2-D, 3-D and almost from every other class who haven't already gotten their licenses yet have already taken their places. They are not the only ones here to earn their license, though. Kids from around Japan have gathered here to get their shot and none of them are willing to be left behind.

Every passing moment is only making everyone more anxious. This could be a huge step forward on their paths to be heroes. Impatience is growing stronger as people start to wonder what's taking so long to let them in. Just when it seemed like one of the delinquents was about to speak up, one eagle-eyed student pointed upwards and yelled "Look!"

Like a machine, every head in the crowd turned upwards simultaneously. From the roof of the building, a figure has leapt from its peak and is currently falling with a parachute deployed. They slowly... slowly get closer to the ground. Finally, at the second floor they detach from their parachute and make the rest of the fall unaided. They make landfall right in front of the doors, landing on one knee with their lab coat fluttering in the wind. Probably an attempt at looking cool for the kids, but it doesn't go over well. There's polite clapping from some of the nicer students, but most are just not having it. The detached parachute gets caught in a nearby tree. With an awkward cough, the man stands up again and places his hands on his hips. The suit he's wearing underneath his lab coat wouldn't look out of place at an opera. Looking over the impatient students, the man makes his introduction.

"Welcome, everyone, to the Provisional Hero License Examination! I'm your host and the owner of this building, Daisuke Taiho! Now, I'm sure you're all dying to get started, so lets go inside, shall we?"

With that said, the doors to the NQA building open and the students start to shuffle inside, dreams of getting their provisional license running through their minds. A few more words from the host and walking through some hallways, and they've finally arrived at the scene they've all been waiting for. A huge arena of a room, complete with areas up high on different floors for viewing. Taking up almost the entirety of the room is a massive labyrinth roofed with glass. Twisting turns and routes that could send you right back to the beginning all over the place. Dwelling within are many kinds of tricks and traps waiting to take a student by surprise. Most dangerous of all, however, are the pro heroes moving throughout. The NQA hasn't spared any expenses on gathering pros to handle this job. You can find many well known talents like Magnum Shrimp, Impakt, and Slipstream as well as the lesser known ones like Seiryu, Honoken, and Smokin' Sexy. (What? No, Popsy's not here. Wait, where are you going? Hold on, come back!)

"Alright, listen up because you don't want to miss these rules!" Daisuke grabs everyone's attention once again and motions towards the labyrinth.

"Your goal for this examination is simple: find one of the keys hidden in our maze and bring it to the end on the other side! Of course, it's everything else that's not simple! There are so many of you here, but only so few keys. You'll have to push your mind and your skills to the limit to outsmart and outpace your competition. And for you speedsters in the crowd, this won't be a cakewalk for you either. This isn't your normal everyday maze. If you're too quick and not careful enough, you could get caught in any kind of trap we've set up or get snatched by one of the many pro heroes we've hired to wander throughout. Now, getting caught will get you sent back to right here at the beginning. That may sound like it's not a harsh repercussion, but considering you're competing against so many others? Every second counts. It could be the difference of making it to the end with a key or being left behind."

The speaker then walks up to one of the walls and gives it a good hit from his comparably weak fist.

"And don't go thinking you can just go bursting through the walls or ceiling. These babies are reinforced by some of the best quirks money can buy! I dare you to try to break them! Now, only one key per person. If you're thinking of sharing a key with your friend, you're out of luck. If we find out that anyone snuck through the doorway without a key, then obviously they won't pass. That means that if you're one of the few to find a key in its starting location, you're going to have to protect that key with everything you got from the other students and the pros! If you're caught by a pro and you have a key, that key will be placed back into the maze for someone else to happen upon. The game ends once every key has made it out of the maze! Any questions?"

A few students raise their hands, but Daisuke walks over to the side to not block the path to the maze any longer.

"Unfortunate, because it's time we started this thing! Everyone, get ready! Let the Provisional Hero License Exam..."

##->"BEGIN!"<-

Right away, students are racing forward with all the force they can exert. Several paths are open to the students straight out of the gate, but who knows what could be behind each corner? What kind of trials will each student face during this exam? Will the pros finally be able to have a cool moment with the students? We're about to find out because the Provisional Hero License Exam is here!