The class was about to begin. Everyone had their cauldrons and materials, just as Professor Sharp instructed. Well, not everyone, half of the class (including all the girls except two) were missing but that was normal, considering this was an afternoon class. Only students who felt like they needed the extra practice or the ones the Potions teacher personally assigned would attend. You didn't get assigned unless you were doing extra badly, or you were good enough and had the skill to tutor other students. Everything was ready for the class to start, the only thing missing was the professor himself, much to Aumellia's annoyance. She was great with potions and she liked to show off her talent, Faolan on the other hand didn't mind the delay. His nose was better and more sensitive than a normal wizard's, so potion classes were torture for him. The girl, fiddling with some flasks next to him was his good friend (with benefits) Florana. Just as she got bored and was about to ask Faolan if she could fiddle with something else, the door finally opened. Professor Sharp limped through the classroom, straight to his chair to sit down. 
'Good afternoon, class, meet our new student! You may come in, Ms. Juno!'
 From behind the door, a curvy girl with black hair, donning the Ravenclaw house's robes stepped into the classroom and hastily walked up to the teacher's table, her breasts bouncing all the way, much to the enjoyment of her classmates. She introduced herself in a cheerful voice.
'Hello everyone, my name is Juno, nice to meet you all.~'
'Nice indeed.' Mel thought, as her pants started to feel tight around her crotch area.
'Ms. Juno, since this is your first potion class, why don't you sit next to Ms. Goldborough? She's rather talented.'
Faolan was somewhat disappointed, he always liked to meet cute new girls. The disappointment however didn't last long, as he felt Florana's soft Huffie hand caressing his crotch. The raven-haired girl did as instructed, before greeting her new classmate once again. 
'I guess I'll be sitting next to you today, once again, I'm Juno, nice to meet you!'
She was close, Mel could smell her cologne mixed with sweat, and see through her sweat-soaked shirt. The harder Aumellia became, the more painful she felt in her pants, she knew it will be hard concentrating today.
'I'm Mel from Slytherin, nice to meat- I mean meet you.' 
'All right everyone, settle down. As I promised, we will be reviewing a love potion, this thing is very popular nowadays and despite the ban it has been going around in the school lately so I decided it's better if you all recognize it. I want you to memorize it; its color, its smell, I don't want any of you to accidentally fall victim to it.'
Everyone prepared their ingredients and started brewing away. Some potions were more successful than others. Some cauldrons just simply exploded, bringing a few house points with them. Unlike usual, Aumellia struggled with the task, as she could only think about the thick ropes of cum she would unload into the new Raven-witch, after all, good girls are Slytherin property. She was so distracted that she didn't even notice all the wrong ingredients she added to the mix until she heard Professor Sharp yelling as he kept limping towards her as fast as he could.
'Ms. Goldborough, get down, your cauldron is about to explode!'
A thick pink fog exploded out of the cauldron, filling the whole class but not before she could duck behind the bench, pulling Juno with her. The Professor wasn't so lucky, as the whole concoction exploded into his face, knocking him out cold. There was a few seconds of shocked silence but then everyone started to feel strange. A strange, yet strong lust filled everyone's mind, and it was unbearable. When Aumellia regained her senses,  the first thing she saw was Juno panting and gasping on top of her, touching herself relentlessly. Not far from them Faolan started to feel the effect of the strange mist, as he saw Juno wiggle on top of his classmate. He was ready to help his new classmate in need after all he was nothing if not a gentleman but as he started to get up, Florana suddenly sat on his lap. Her skirt and panties were already gone, when her wet lips met his. He could feel her wet cunt soaking him the moment she freed his huge cock.
'You're not going to leave me like this, are you, wolf-man?' 
He was too far gone with lust at this point to answer, instead, he pushed the eager girl onto the table and showed it all the way in. She tightened around him as his unyielding wand kissed her yearning womb again and again. Aumellia couldn't control herself any longer either. She lifted her classmate and put her on the table where their cauldron used to be. The black-haired girl's eyes were glossy with lust, as she licked her lips and spread her legs. It didn't take long for Mel to take her own pants off and reveal the monster she's been hiding. 
'Merlin's beard! But you're a girl!' Yuno exclaimed. 
'Then you have nothing to worry about. It's just two girls, having fun, after all!'
Juno had her doubts for a few seconds. Is this how she will lose her virginity? In a classroom with so many people watching? All her doubts faded away quickly the moment Mel's huge girlmeat rubbed against her.
'Do you want it, little slut? Beg for it!'
'Please! Give it to me! I need it! I need it inside!' 
Juno couldn't believe the words that came out of her mouth, yet deep down she knew they were true. Her wish was granted as Aumellia rammed her girlcock in her tight wet cunt, deflowering her forever. Needless to say, she was shocked when she saw the blood, but Juno was in no pain, the opposite in fact. Her eyes rolled back into her skull, as she moaned.
'Harder! I need more!'
'You are a crazy Ravenslut, you will fit in just right!'
Before even finishing the sentence, she felt the Ravenclaw's legs lock around her waist, as she began pounding away knocking on her womb, bulging her belly with every thrust. In the meantime Faolan was busy with his little Huffie too, completely forgetting himself in the pleasure. As Florana was looking to the side, she noticed another boy approaching her. 
'Faolan only, sorry.' she said.
The boy gave a disappointed look, but he stopped. As horny as he was, he wouldn't force himself on anyone.
'Ahht least for now.' Florana added with a wink and a giggle. 'Aaah I want to ahhh focus on him now nggghh but you will haaaaave your turn, I ahhh I promise.'
The boy's face lit up with hope as he waited his turn. Juno a few tables over had a different idea. Her bulging belly wasn't enough for her, she already had two other boys in her hands, while a third approached. 
'Ahh ahhh! another one? Oh fine!' She said as she wet her lips opening her mouth wide. She couldn't believe she was doing this. A few hours ago she was a virgin through and through and now she's about to willingly offer her mouth while she's being-.
'Ghhk!'
 There it was. A fat cock violates her throat, while another is about to explode into her womb. She felt the pleasure building up inside her core as she tightened around the big Slytherin meat while humming and purring on the cock in her throat. The boy didn't last long after this sensation and shot his load down Juno's throat. The cock pulsing and cumming in her mouth sent another wave of pleasure down her spine right into her core as her body finally arched forward squirting and shaking as she came. Feeling her new toy coming all over her pushed the buff snake over the edge making her push in deep one last time before flooding her greedy and yearning womb with an excessive amount of fertile Slytherin seed. Juno's toes curled and her leg started shaking when she felt the thick ropes of cum invading the deepest part of her womb. Her eyes rolled back, and her mind went blank, as she came once more. Florana and Faolan weren't far from climax either, the young Hufflepuff wrapped her arms around her partner and whispered in his ear, her seductive voice full of lust.
'Give me your puppies, wolf-man.'
These words sent Faolan over the edge, his movements became faster, his trusts harder, and with a final push, he granted her wish. Load after load he filled the shaking girl to the brim, while she clenched around his big cock, milking every last drop as she came all over it. Thanks to their good sexual chemistry, and all the time they spend in each other's bed, they come together most of the time. The gasping and panting girl looked up at her partner's face, then toward the other bench.
'You want a go with the new girl, don't you? Well, what are you waiting for?' Florana said with a giggle.
'You know me too well!' Faolan answered while giving her a goodbye kiss before heading off to properly meet the new girl.
Florana looked up to the former boy, who was been waiting patiently next to his friend who seemed to join him. The young Hufflewitch got up, cleaned herself a bit then headed over to the two boys, pulling her robe aside, revealing her perfect, round butt and shaved pussy.
'What are you waiting for boys? there is one place for both of you.~' She gently held the heads of the two boys as she whispered into their ears with a giggle. 'Don't worry, I can handle you both, I took a Graphorn and a Unicorn before, I can take it~.'
Faolan barely reached the bench where Juno was, he already heard his former partner's moans behind him. She's certainly not wasting any time, well neither will he. He approached Juno who's been moaning like a madwoman as Aumellia was now pounding her backdoor. The brown-skinned Hufflepuff made a mental note that the new girl seems to really like it in the butt before he moved his cock to her eager mouth.
'Hello, Juno, time to give you a proper Hogwarts welcome.'

**End of Part 1**