Ipyana (eep-YAH-nah) by bara/hmoma writefrien

>The dog did his best to casually hide his irritation and growing erection as he looked to the rabbit currently waving a paw in his face.
>He felt a pang of guilt when he saw the concern on the rabbit's face. Spacing out like that probably made him look like he'd been roofied or something.
>So, he forced a smile and asked what was up as casually as he could.
>"Aside from you staring at your cup in total silence in a packed bar? Nothing really." The dog apologized, playing the first time nerves as an excuse, in reality, he had come out tonight hoping some handsome guy would sweep him off his feet and charm him like it was nothing.
>...and hopefully make him forget how desperately he wanted anon to be the one doing the charming.
>He gritted his teeth and asked the rabbit where everyone else was, he was NOT going to spend another night despairing over some stupid fucking crush!
>He was going to have a good time! He was going to get drunk with his friends! He was going to make a total fool of himself on the dancefloor!
>And most importantly, he wasn't going to keep thinking about Anon!
>He was straight! He had a girlfriend! He specifically remembered how much it hurt when he was introduced to her, how it almost made him throw up in a mixture of jealousy and gut wrenching disappointment!
>FUCK! He was still thinking about anon! He needed to turn his brain off!
>Gripping the shoulders of his lagomorph friend, he asked if everyone would be cool with doing tequila shots together with a seriousness that left the rabbit a little concerned.
>But hey, at least he wasn't moping anymore. He whipped his phone out to announce it was tequila time, and the wild dog was offering to buy the first round.
>Naturally, everyone was quick to manifest for some free hard liquor, and seeing the canine's oddly fiery determination to get blackout drunk motivated them to keep the party going with more rounds on them.
>Once everyone could no longer stand the taste of lime and salt, the dog was pulled to the dancefloor.
>It felt good, just enjoying himself for once, alcohol smothering the annoying thoughts in his head as he gyrated and tried to not look like a tool.
>It would have been perfect if a scarily familiar looking human hadn't passed through his peripheral vision just a second ago.
>Anon?! Nah, there was no way, but that didn't stop him following the man's back with his eyes.
>...He was pretty sure anon styled his hair just like that, the t-shirt was familiar too, and those muscles on his back...
>It was faint, lingering for barely a second in his nostrils before it was drowned out by a million other scents
>Anon...
>It was stupid, reckless even, weaving between the bodies around him as he gestured "gotta pee" to his friends.
>But the more glimpses of the human he got, the more sure he was.
>Even if it wasn't him, a pathetic part of him rationalized that he'd be the next best thing, Anon, but he'd let you do everything you wanted to do to the real thing.
>The human paused before waving to someone and hurrying over to a table, maybe he had a face like anon too, with the same kind eyes and full lips, his tail wagged involuntarily.
>The human jogged over to meet someone, and the dog felt himself becoming very sober all of a sudden when he saw the group he was with
>The human casually plopped himself over right next to a horrifyingly familiar fox, she was beautiful, slim, dressed to kill, and currently wrapping herself around the human's arm.
>Yup, that was Stephanie, the girl who had introduced herself as anon's girlfriend not two days ago
>The girl that had put him in the downward spiral that let to him impulsively going on this night out
>The girl currently staring right into his eyes with a look of recognition growing.
>Oh fuck, OH FUCK
>He couldn't make a break for it now, the others at the table had noticed, Stephanie was totally looking right at him.
>The human seemed to finally pick up on everyone looking at something and ignoring him, and finally turned his head too
>Anon looked ethereal in the strobe lights, the color of his eyes somehow ignoring the reds greens and blues dancing across them and staring right into his soul.
>They were a little unfocused, but they quickly widened at the realization of who he was and the human shot out of his seat.
>"I-Ipyana?"
>"H-hey Anon!"
>The two of them just stared at each other for a beat, before one of the girls at the table finally piped up, a cavalier spaniel with perfect, wavy curls
>"You going to introduce us to your friend anon?"
>The human appeared to snap out of it, introducing you to the group before Stephanie interjected with an invitation to sit.
>As much as Ipyana wanted to curl into a ball and die at this very moment, a question was unanswered, what exactly was anon doing at a gay bar?
>It couldn't have been some "pre-drinks and gawk at the gays before we hit the club" valley girl bullshit like he expected, there were way too many empties piled up on the table. 
>Anon seemed to have similar questions, his human features lighting up like a firework display of obvious emotional tells when one of the girls prodded at his motive for tonight.
>"Oh h-haha y'know, just hanging out with some friends and..."
>"Hoping to get lucky?" An interjection from the fox, cheeky bitch.
>He was too full of liquor to care, casually agreeing.
>He was surprised by them saying how a cutie like him would get eaten up in no time.
>He was even more surprised by how much that comment seemed to distress the human.
>Stephanie continued "Got any advice for this guy? He's got no idea when a guy is into him"
>She was pointing to anon...Was she messing with him?
>Ipyana looked to the human, expecting to see him laugh along with his gf's teasing, but instead he was looking at her with a look that said "don't push it", a pink tint to his cheeks.
>She returned with a raised eyebrow, "You really DO need the advice you know, that guy at the door was all over you and you totally blanked him!"
>Guy? Him?!
>"W-Wait you're gay?!" he couldn't keep his mouth shut, blurting out his surprise.
>The human smiled at him sheepishly
>"G-guess we both learned something new about each other tonight, huh?" Holy shit.
>Ipyana looked over to the fox, who seemed extremely entertained by the drama unfolding in front of her "B-but isn't Stephanie your girlfriend?"
>Now it was the Foxes turn to look a little guilty, she seemed to pick up quickly that she had caused the dog some trouble. "Oh. Um, girlfriend as in 'friend who is a girl', Anon's cute but he's a little too gay and oblivious for me~"
>Her loss, Ipyana really wanted to fall to his knees and thank god that there was a chance now, but instead elected to simply smile.
>The human seemed to be reeling from the realization one of his closest friends was also into dudes. The only thing that seemed to be keeping them from finally talking things out was the crowd of very interested onlookers.
>Realizing they were at an impasse, Ipyana announced among the small talk that he could really use a smoke, Anon wasn't a smoker, but he extended the invitation anyway.
>The human graciously accepted, taking the hint that it was probably time that they had a private conversation.
>Not only that, but he grabbed the canine's hand, eliciting a barely suppressed gasp from one of the girls as they ate up the building tension.
>He looked back to see them all looking on in approval as anon's warm, soft palm gripped his paw and he pulled him into the crowd
>Where did they they even start? Ipyana could feel himself shaking, and it wasn't from the cold. The fresh air sobered the two of them up further.
>Thankfully the painful silence was broken by the human "Well, this is fucking awkward isn't it?" Ipyana could only laugh, throwing his head back at the ridiculousness of their situation.
>It really was awkward, but they both realized it wasn't a matter anyone hiding anything, they genuinely had no idea the other liked dudes.
>The dog felt dumb, but relieved, like a weight was off his shoulders. Though there was still an uncertain fluttering in his stomach
>Anon was also gay, but was Ipyana an option for him now? Did he feel the same way the dog did for the longest time?
>"So anon, were you looking to uh, 'meet' someone tonight?"
>"Yeah, but I wasn't really seeing anyone I was interested in"
>oof, that was a 'no' if there ever was one
>However, the human continued, much more quietly "Well, until recently"
>He must've been messing with the dog right? There was no way!
>Playing dumb, the canine probed pretending to be uninterested. "Oh? What was he like?"
>"He's a canine, smaller than me, kind of moody looking, but very cute, with big round ears that are all soft and fluffy, and these gorgeous chocolate brown eyes"
>Ipyana almost swallowed his cigarette at that last line. The human continued, "He's also funny, a total softie..."
>Anon stepped out in front of him, crowding him into against the brick wall, those soft hands of his gently cupped his cheeks.
>"He also doesn't seem to know when someone really likes him" The human's lips were just as soft as he imagined.
