#Family Dinner
->**(Hifumi and Hailey + Bobby)**<-

---


-"Really, bro? Now you're gettin' nervous?"

-"'Feelings can creep up just like that.' Well, to be honest, I started to get nervous before, but I feel like I'm going off the deep end now."

-"You're really serious about her, ain't you?"

-"Would I invite her to meet my family if I wasn't?"

-"Well, I did meet them already…"

-"Cause I'm also serious about you being my bro, Bobby. But you know that's different. Would you react the same way you did when I invited you over, if Minnie did it?"

-"Fair enough. So, what do you want me to do?"

-"Could you talk to Minnie for me? Get the rest of the girls to back off, so I won't have to blink her out of there, or waste my nerves on separating them?"

-"Sure, but Hifumi, seriously, listen to me. You've got this. You're a great dude. Y'all are clearly vibin' together. It's gonna be fine."

-"You think so? What do I do if she refuses? And what do I do if she accepts, but then I screw things up?"

-"Hifumi, that ain't like you! Get yourself together! Come here, bro. You're a diamond. You're a champion. You can do this! You speak with such confidence about your dream of becomin' the number one hero, but here you're chickenin' out?"

-"When it comes to becoming the number one hero, if I fail, I still can become the number two and keep working on it. But here? There is no second-place boyfriend."

-"It's like you always say. 'Nothing good comes easy.' You've just gotta give it your all, and if things go wrong, knowin' you, you're just gonna keep at it anyway. And I believe it's gonna work out for y'all in the end."

-"Thanks, bro. I'm sorry about dumping this on you."

-"Don't worry about it. I know you have my back too. So, let's get to it before I'll have to drop lines like 'believe in me who believes in you'."

-"Hey! That was a good show!"

-"It was, but enough corniness for one bro-talk. Oh, there they are. Get ready. Hey, Minnie!"

****
	

-"So, Hay…"

-"Yeah? What is it, Babo?"

-"I was wondering… You must be missing home-cooked meals, right?"

-"Not really. Not like I had many of those back in Korea if you don't count those made by personal chefs."

-"Ah right… Well, then maybe you'd still want to try some? I mean… Maybe you'd like to come to my place for dinner tomorrow? I've told you about my family before, so I've thought that maybe you'd like to meet them? Besides my uncle, who you've already met."

-"Meet your family? Don't you think you're moving a little fast, boy?"

-"Why delay it?"

-"Don't you think you could scare a girl off by rushing like that?"

-"I'd rather just be true to myself than worry about it. 'A faithful heart makes wishes come true.'"

-"Context, Babo. Think about how that movie ended."

-"Oh… Right…"

-"Though, I guess, you'd probably just leap after me and drag me back."

-"I just hope you didn't jump off the roof that time to be free of me."

-"No. Do you think I should have?"

-"I'm glad you didn't."

-"Considering how things turned out, so am I… Anyway, tomorrow, right? Okay, I'll be there. Do you want me to bring anything?"

-"'Your presence itself is a gift.'"

-"That one is so generic, I don't even know where to place it."

-"Maybe that's for the better. The context of that also wasn't the best."
	
****


-"Oh, you must be Hailey. I'm Fujiko. A beige knitted sweater, and a long dark skirt? You're going for that 'good girl' look? I guess it's a classic for a reason. Come in."

-"Please excuse the intrusion."

-"Oh, Hay. You're here. I'll take over from here, Fuji-nee. Thanks."

-"Fu-fu. You're already trying to get some alone time with your girlfriend? At least wait until after dinner."

-"…"

-"Oh, fine, fine. I'll go see if mom needs some help in the kitchen. Have fun, kids."

-"Well, sorry about that, Hay. Anyway, there isn't much to show, but let me repay that time you gave me a tour of yours."

-"Lead the way then, Babo."

-"So, here's the living slash dining room."

-"It's tiny. You all fit at this table?"

-"Yeah. We might be bumping elbows, but you'll fit too. Next stop: mine and Mi-nee's room."

-"I guess your side is the one with all that manga lying around? If not for that curtain, the books from the other would probably spill over. And not even a desk?"

-"I mostly just sleep here and read. I do homework at school, in the library. Okay, next stop: the room Kazu-nee and Fuji-nee share."

-"It's basically like the last one but with less stuff lying around."

-"Kazu-nee likes to keep things tidy, and forces Fuji-nee to do the same. Over here is my parents' room."

-"I can't even remember the time my parents' used the same room."

-"Well, mine don't have much of a choice. Just two rooms left. Here is the toilet if you need to go. We don't have a bath or a shower. We just go to a sento down the street."

-"Bathing with some strangers? Sounds horrific."

-"You get used to it. Ya know the term 'hadaka no tsukiai'? Helps you get to know your neighbours better."

-"Hard pass. Anyway, anything else?"

-"Just the kitchen. Hey, mum, Kazu-nee, this is Hailey."

-"Hello, dear. The dinner should be ready soon. I hope it will be to your taste. If you need anything, just ask."

-"Thank you, Mrs. Takeda."

-"Just call me Satoko, dear. Or 'mum', I don't mind. I'm just happy Hi-chan found someone nice like you."

-"Mum! Please…"

-"Oh shush, bunny. I'm sure she doesn't mind some familiarity."

-"I'm Kazuha. Nice to meet you. Father and Mina should be here soon. I think mom and I have got the cooking covered, and it's getting a bit cramped in here, so why don't you go rest in the living room for now? You too, Fuji! I think you've 'sampled' enough for now, and if you're not really gonna help, then get out of here!"

-"Fine, fine, sis, we're going now! So, Hailey, I've seen that look you gave. I guess you're curious about the 'bunny' part, aren't you?"

-"FU-NEE! DON'T! PLEASE!"

-"The boy doth protest too much, methinks. Doesn't that just make you even more curious, Hai-chan? I know it'd surely work for me."

-"I've got to admit, Fujiko-san, you've got my attention."

-"Can we please not?! Does my word count for nothing in this house?!"

-"You're the youngest, so of course it doesn't. Now sit down and let us have some fun at your expense. Ah, here it is. Now, Hai-chan. This DVD contains your boyfriend's kryptonite. Remember that with great power comes great responsibility, so use this knowledge I'm about to impart upon you wisely. See how he's already cowering in the corner all red? It should only be used when his ego starts to get the better of him. So quite often. But don't overuse it or he might build resistance to it."

-"Oh, what dark shameful secrets may it contain?"

-"I bet he has already told you that he was born in Germany, right?"

-"Yes. And that you've moved back here when he was five."

-"After we moved back, our parents thought of this brilliant way to get Hi-kun more acclimated with Japan. I'm sure he rambled a lot about movies, but I expect he didn't share with you the fact, that he was on TV before. And this is the recording from that time."

****


「Kyoto, Minami Ward. In a small apartment complex nearby the Kamo River, lives the Takeda family - a mom, a dad, three daughters and one son. They moved here recently after spending six years in Germany, where the Dad coached the German National Kendo Team. To get him more used to the life in Japan, the youngest child of the family - a five years and two months old Hifumi-kun will today go on his first errand.」

-"Hi-chan! Can you come here? Mommy needs your help with something! Daddy forgot his shinai. Could you go and bring it to him at the school?"

-"I can! Let's go!"

-"No, Hi-chan. Today you'll be going alone. I can't leave because the electrician's coming."

-"A-alone?"

-"Yes. Also, on your way back. Could you buy a pack of oranges? Kazuha is studying hard for her entrance exams, so she could use some vitamins to perk her up, and the shop we usually go to has a sale on them. Can you do it for Mommy?"

-"I…"

-"Come on, Hi-chan! Mommy believes in you! You can do it. And look here, Bunny-san will go with you."

「A warm smile spread on his face at the sight of his favourite hat. It looks just like a rabbit with fluffy ears. With it, some money, an omamori (hiding the microphone), and a bamboo sword in hand, Hifumi-kun is ready to go on his first errand.」

「It's about a kilometre to the primary school where his Dad coaches the kendo club and one of his sisters studies. He has been there multiple times in the past two months, so he should know the road well. On his way back, he should stop at the shop he frequents with his Mom. And off he goes on his first adventure.」

「With a bright smile, the hat's ears flopping around, and waving the sword perhaps a bit too much, in fast pace he follows the laid-out path! Oh no! He's getting side-tracked! Cameramen-san, please follow!」

-"Stop right there, Doggy-dono! It's not nice to pick on animals weaker than you! Leave Kitty-chan alone! Or you'll have to face me!"

「"Oh no! He's facing a stray dog! Cameramen-san are on their way to help! Oh no, he tripped and fell! Cameramen-san please save him!」

「He stood up on his own! And managed to chase away the dog all by himself!」

-"Now, Kitty-chan, let's get you back to your owner. Hello! Did someone lose a cat?!"

「Miraculously, the Owner-san was nearby. She thanked Hifumi-kun for saving her cat and gave him a pack of apples as a reward. Happy with his achievement, but also now having to carry the heavy fruits a long way, Hifumi-kun returns to his original path.」

「And soon enough he makes it to the school. Greeting everyone he meets and stopping for a moment to wave to his sister who's in class right now, he finally gets to the kendo club's room.」

-"Daaaaaaaaad! I've brought your swoooooooooooooord!"

-"Very good! Oh… Hifumi, what happened to you? Why are your knees scraped?"

-"I've battled a mighty foe on my way here!"

「Please don't look straight at the camera, Dad. Your son was very brave. Please just focus on tending to his battle wounds for now.」

-"So, what's up with the apples? Did Mom ask you to buy them?"

-"They are a trophy!" 

「The Father and Son share a look of an experienced warrior giving unspoken praise to an ambitious youngling. After reluctantly letting go of the bamboo sword, Hifumi-kun returns to his tasks.」

「The grocer where he should buy the oranges is now in sight! Oh, but what is that? He stops by the bookstore next to it.」

-"If I give my apples to Kazu-nee it should be fine…"

「Hifumi-kun? What are you thinking about? He enters the bookstore. Did he abandon the task for oranges? He takes a manga from the display… It's 'Usagi Yojimbo'. He fell to the temptations and bought it. Was it the whispers of his fluffy hat? What about the oranges, Hifumi-kun?」

-"It should be fine…"

「Having spent the money he was given, he walks right past the grocer. But what is it? Why is he sobbing?!」

-"It's not fine… I broke my word… Kazu-nee will be angry, she wanted the oranges…"

「Covered in tears and mumbling to himself, his hat's bunny ears hanging down as if reciprocating his sadness, Hifumi-kun returns home to his Mom and Sister waiting for him.」

-"Moommmyyy! I've failed! I have apples!"

-"Eh! Hi-kun, don't cry! Mom, he bought apples instead of oranges, but it's fine, right? I like them too."

-"Hi-chan, cheer up! You've done well!"

「And even if it ended with tears, since his family is happy with it, Hifumi's first errand can only be called a success!」

****
	

-"Our little bunny here cried for weeks about how he failed at his task."

-"Fuji-nee… Please… No more…"

-"He was rather cute back then."

-"We still have that hat. Do you want to see it?"

-"Sure!"

-"Not you too, Hay!"

-"We're home!"

-"Oh, Dad, Mina, you're back. The hat will have to wait, Hai-chan."

-"G-good evening, I'm Mina - Hifumi's sister…"

-"Oh, so that's Hifumi's girlfriend! You can call me 'Hidehisa' or 'Dad'. I was ready to complain that since Hifumi is three times the man, his girl should be three times the woman, and I doubted you'd live up to it, but looking at you, I've gotta say… If I were a bit young-"

-"If you were a bit younger, you'd do what, Darling?"

-"… Nothing, Honey! Just a slip of the tongue! Please put that ladle away!"

-"I thought as much. Go take off your coat, and we'll set the dinner. Hailey-chan, I'm sorry about that. The men of Takeda need to be tempered sometimes. I hope you'll have the patience to do that when it comes to my son."

-"Mum, please…"

-"I think, I've got it, Satoko-san."

-"So, Honey, what do we have for dinner?"

-"We thought, with Kazu-chan, that Hailey-chan might be missing some Korean cuisine, so we've asked around for recipes. So, the main dish is kimchi-jjigae. Did I pronounce that right? We also have some chijimi. And just in case you're in the mood for something more Japanese, we've also made some karaage. Oh, also two rolls of futomaki. I've heard that you have something similar, so I've thought you might like it. 'Gimbap' was it?" 

-"Ah yes, it is similar. And you shouldn't have troubled yourself with making so much food, Satoko-san."

-"Think nothing of it. It's only obvious we want to welcome Hi-chan's girlfriend properly. And nothing will go to waste anyway. Those two might lack some things, but appetite isn't one of them."

-"After all, your cooking is so delicious, Honey! And with Kazuha helping out, we surely have a true feast ahead of us."

-"Father, please move. This pot is heavy, I'd like to put it down."

-"Here you go, Kazu. Let me help you with that."

-"This should be everything, then. Here, Hailey-san, sit between me and Hi-chan. Let's eat. Itadakimasu."

-"It looks delicious to me, but what do you think, Hay?"

-"It does remind me of home. There are some differences to what I'm used to, but it is very good. Clearly a lot of thought was put into making this."

-"I'm glad you like it, Hailey-san. There are a lot of Koreans in this neighbourhood, so I was able to get some good recipes. The next time you come over, I'll try to prepare some other dishes from there. Or, if you like, we can cook them together."

-"I'm not a good cook…"

-"Then you'll start out as a taster. It's always good to know how to cook, so I can teach you."

-"Thank you, Kazuha-san."

-"So, Hailey-chan. Tell us something more about yourself. You go to class with Hi-chan, right? You're also practicing kendo?"

-"I do go to class with him, but I don't do kendo."

-"Oh. Was it judo or something like that then? Fuji told us Hi-chan was meeting with three girls in some dojo for practice. I assumed you were among them…"

-"MUM, THAT WAS A MISUNDERSTANDING! It was really just a kenjutsu practice… It was at Chihiro's, she has a dojo after her parents. And there were some friends of hers… And they might have worded some things poorly, but really it was just that! Fu-nee just twisted things around as usual!"

-"They did praise your 'endurance' in taking care of them one after another."

-"Fu-nee! In sparring matches! Nothing more than that!"

-"I-I'm sure Hifumi wouldn't do anything improper with other girls while he has you, Hailey-san."

-"I'm not sure. Three girls sound exactly like some-"

-"Silence, Darling. You're making Hailey-chan uncomfortable. Maybe you two should go talk about it alone, before further misunderstandings arise, and we'll prepare the dessert in the meanwhile."

-"That's a good idea. So, Babo, your room?"

-"Really, nothing happened there, Hay! And the walls are thin, so my room wouldn't provide any privacy. Let's go to the roof."	

****
	

-"Another rooftop escapade…"

-"Don't worry, Hay. I've got a permission to be here from the landlady, so no one will bother us."

-"So, explain yourself."

-"Like I said, it was just training! Ya remember that day I sparred with Chihiro, right? So afterwards I went to see her dojo and met some of the other students there. Or former students. And I trained with them. Really, that's all!"

-"And it just so happened that they were all girls, and you had to 'take care of them one after another'?"

-"They also trained with each other…"

-"Have you considered how I'd feel about that?"

-"No… But come on, Hay. Chihiro is our classmate! Our ally in the dream of becoming a pro!"

-"Chihiro is creepy, and I'd prefer if you didn't hang out with her."

-"That ain't right… Hay, I think it's you who should hang out with others more."

-"So, if I hang out with some boys in our class, and you'd hear similar rumours like I've heard about you, would you be okay with that?!"

-"I… Look, Hay, I can't say I really would be… But it's not that simple… With Chihiro and the others, I'd like to be friends that support each other's dreams and push their skills to new heights; just like with the guys. Have some bro-talk, laugh, and hang out. It's because I know my feelings, that I believe I haven't done anything wrong. It's just that one girl that I beat at Chihiro's wanted to get some payback, and used the chance of me calling home to stir shit, and my sis escalated it. But it was just teasing. Even then, I apologize if it made you feel uncomfortable. If you want, you can always come with me when I go hang out with female friends. Heck, I think it'd be good for you if you could become closer with the rest of the class."

-"I'll think about it…"

-"Just know that I don’t feel for them what I feel for you. If one of them came over to my place, it'd be like when Bobby did, a normal dinner with just an extra plate for a friend. With you? Things are different. My whole family was excited to meet you. All those dishes? We normally don't eat that rich, but they just wanted you to feel welcome. I'm sure they already think of you as part of the family, and I wouldn't be surprised if they'd be the first in line to kick my ass if I've done you wrong. I'm sure they'd be happy to help you with anything you need. You've seen it yourself, Fuji-nee is practically raring to show you all my embarrassing childhood moments… And sorry for my old man's comments, I think he just tried to break the tension with a joke, and it didn't quite work out… I'm sorry, I'm rambling…"

-"Babo…"

-"It's just that… I'm not sure if I would be fine with you hanging out with guys alone, because I don't know if you feel about me the same way… I try to be confident, but when it comes to you, I'm just starting to doubt myself. With every day we spend together, I fall for you more and more, and start to second guess if I'm right for you. And with how you react, I have a hard time reading you. One day you tell me you like me, the next I hear you're telling your friends I'm 'full of shit'. You confuse me. You've made me vulnerable. I don't know if you're just playing with me, or if you real-"

She grabbed him by the collar, and sharply pulled him close. Their mouths met. Shy and tense at first, they soon melted into one another, eagerly exploring this new experience. With their eyes closed, they focused on other senses. The warm breaths. Hearts beating like drums. The softness of the lips and firmness of the grasp. The scent of skin pearly with sweat of excitement. Finally, they pulled back. Their foreheads rested against each another, giving them the support they needed while they gasped.

-"You're mine… Don't you ever forget that."

-"I won't… Though, I wouldn't mind more reminders like that."

She smiled, and pulled him close once again.