Laplus looked around at the rest of the girls. "What?" Lui shared a look with Iroha. The other girls looked down at their feet. "Sorry, Laplus...We just don't think you, well, fit in." Iroha cleared her throat. "The decision has already been made." "Why wasn't I told?" Laplus said indignation painting her face. "Well, um," Koyori chimed in "the last thing we wanted was a power struggle. We've already decided that Lui is taking over." Laplus stood "You can't do this to me! I started HoloX!" The rest of the girls shuffled in discomfort. Laplus' face twisted in anger. "YOU KNOW HOW MUCH I'VE SACRIFICED?!" Chloe looked away, wincing at the sudden outburst. "Lui, please..." Laplus begged, grief in her voice. "Laplus, the vote was unanimous. Hololive is announcing your retirement after Christmas. I'm sorry." "You're out, Laplus." Iroha stated simply, sipping her tea. Laplus ran a hand over her face like recovering from a slap. "Am I?" She said quietly, a mirthless smile spreading on her face. Composing herself, she left the meeting room, called her über, and left.

Days later, after trying to call in a few favors. Seems she didn't even have friends anymore. Laplus realized she really was out. Not just of the company, but out of help. Out of people. Hopeless she sat in her living room half-listening to the TV, staring at nothing in particular. The phone rang, and she picked up, hurriedly, expecting Ayame to tell her some good news. "Hello, Laplus speaking !" "Hi, we've been trying to reach you about your car's extended w-" Laplus hung the phone up carefully and threw it against the wall, screaming. "IT'S NOT FAIR! IT'S NOT FAIRITSNOTFAIRITSNOTFAIRISTNHAWTFHAHAHAHAIR!!" tears streamed down her face and snot dripped from her nose as she bawled. She slid out of the chair and kicked her feet and slammed her hands against the floor, throwing a tantrum like a scorned child "I DON'T WANNA BE KICKED OUT WHY'S IT GOTTA BE ME WHAT DID I DO TO DESERVE THIS IT'S NOT FAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIR!!" Her thrashing about rocked the furniture, items falling off of shelves and over on tables, but Laplus didn't care. Her outstretched limbs battered against furniture until, by accident, she hit the leg of a table hard enough to hear a crack, and to hurt herself. She screamed at the pain and then louder when she realized that on that table was a full bookshelf, falling right toward her. Laying on the floor, on her back, reeling from a freshly broken toe, she didn't have time to move. The bookshelf came slamming down upon her, crushing her. Hours later, as the blood was congealing on the books, her phone rang, and her machine picked up. "Laplus? This is Chloe. I found you a job with Nijisanji. I know it's not much but it's better than just sitting around doing nothing. Call me back and we can talk it over, ok?"