#Slices of Life
"Meow." 

The large fluffy loaf perched on the tree branch didn't respond. Kazuo tries again,

"Meow."

The cat stares back down imperiously, two yellow pupils flicking briefly over his form with disinterest before disappearing into the thick white and orange fur.

"OK Sisuto-sensei I tried. I'm cutting it down now."

"Wh-Wait-wait-wait!"

Kazuo doesn't wait. He leaps, pressing one foot into the side of the house, then the next on the trunk of the tree, until he's eye level with the beast. For a brief moment, they meet eyes again. Slit pupils meeting slit pupils, the cat seems to realize what's about to happen as it puffs up even further, scrambling to get off the branch. His right arm cuts through the tree before it can leap, and with a 'Mrow?' it falls.

"MROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW!" The cat isn't happy, but Kazuo isn't stupid, he won't let it fall. Pushing off from the tree towards the ground, he reaches out with his left-only to pull it back before he impales the animal. Oh. Right.

"Damnit-OW-OW-OW!" Thankfully, his sensei seems to have predicted his predicament, catching the cat himself, only to be rewarded with a face full of claws from the agitated feline.

"Sorry, Sisuto-sensei." Kazuo lands, a bit deflated from his failure.

"Yeah, I'm sorry I caught that ungrateful little shit, should have let you skewer it and cook it for dinner." Sisuto-sensei is ranting under his breath, a habit of his Kazuo doesn't really feel much about beyond wondering if Sisuto-sensei knows that he can hear him. Kazuo waits. Eventually, after a few more muttered curses towards feline kind, and something about women, the older man turns to him.

"Kazuo, uh, I don't mean to be insensitive, but did you really think that through?" His gaze is soft, but piercing. Kazuo wilts further.

"No, Sisuto-sensei."

"Then why did you do it?"

"Because it seemed like the most efficient way." Kazuo says, and he means it. If he had been whole, he could have simply cut the branch and caught the cat. He just forgot about his hands. He does that sometimes, because he still feels them sometimes.

"You want to know something about cats?" His teacher is looking at him as though he wants him to say 'I do want to know about cats.'

"I do want to know about cats, Sisuto-sensei." Kazuo responds. In a flash, the other man disappears, only to reappear with the fluffy white and orange cat.

It's remarkably docile in his hand, little paws held up to its chest like a corpse as it hangs in his grip. But the eyes stare back at Kazuo with familiar imperious judgement despite its dead-hang.

"You see where I'm holding it?" Sisuto-sensei adjusts his stance, holding out his arm, and Kazuo looks at his hand. It's gripping the cat by a sliver of flesh and fur behind the neck, between the shoulder-blades. "This is called scruffing, if you grab any cat by the scruff, they'll react just like this. Even a mean little bastard like this."

"But Sisuto-sensei-"

"Let me finish, Kazuo, I know about your, uh, limb situation, believe me. Where I was going with this, is that mother cats actually grab the scruff with their teeth. You don't need arms to scruff a cat, Kazuo, and you're plenty quick enough to use your teeth or your feet if you have to." Ray-sensei finishes his lecture with a satisfied nod. Kazuo doesn't really want to put random cats into his mouth, but he could try it next time.

"I see. Thank you for the lesson."

------------------------------------------------------

"Ugh-Why am I doing this! I should be out destroying our enemies, hunting missing nin, and-"

"Shut UP! Stop whining Inukasai or I swear I'll kick your ass again!"

"Psh-as if! You got lucky last time, Ōbun wasn't feeling well, must have been some bad ramen."

His... classmates, no, he had graduated according to his paperwork, they were his, co-genin? Kazuo isn't sure. All he knew is that they were loud, especially when together. He skewers another piece of trash.

"You're runnin' out of excuses Takatsui, you said that last time."

"Shut up Eisei, at least I put up a fight!"

Loud. Even the small ones. Kazuo looks toward Ikari-sensei. She seems busy, sitting in the shade and drinking something with a small umbrella swirling around inside.

"Ikari-sensei!!!! Eisei is throwing trash at me!"

"That's nice, don't forget to collect it afterwards."

Kazuo picks up the pace. Working with the 'top team from Konoha' tends to end up like this. Kazuo works. They yell. Trash somehow ends up in the bag. They don't usually notice.

"Hey armless, quit showing off." Inukasai says, apparently upset that Kazuo is collecting trash near him. Kazuo says nothing, simply fixing the smaller white haired boy with a blank stare. He waits. Inukasai's smirk fades. They stare at each other. Kazuo moves on.

"Sorry about him, he's like, such a baby honestly." Eisei says, throwing a look over his shoulder, as though checking for eavesdroppers. Kazuo is pretty sure he's been speaking loud enough for the entire village to hear him, but Takatsui's only response is a middle finger.

"I don't care." Kazuo says, as he skewers another beer can.

"It's no big deal anyway, Takatsui talks a big game but he's super nice once you get to know him, I'm sure you guys would totally get along."

"Didn't ask."

"O-oh. Ok. S-sorry to bother you." Eisei walks away. Kazuo stabs an empty condom wrapper with his left arm, before hopping back to the nearly full bag of trash in the center. With his foot, he dislodges both pieces into the open maw, gazing down at the various pieces of detritus until he's somewhere else.

For a second, he imagines he's at the bottom of the bag, digging his way back out. With no swords to cut his way through, and no hands to grasp for purchase, all he could do is bite and push with his legs. He remembers the metallic taste, the writhing mound, the faint blue light-

"Out of the way, freak." Suzura doesn't hesitate to shove him as she drops a second bag down next to the first. Her own, that she must have been carrying to collect as she went. Efficient.

"I should have thought of that."

"How would you carry it?"

He doesn't know.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The blade of his arm flashes in the lantern light, landing below the throat of a fat, red nosed man. He stiffens immediately, sweating, and turns to Kazuo,

"I swear I'll return it! Don't kill me! I was just rereading the part where the Yukionna descends from the mountain, and admiring the drawing of her sweet, bountiful breas-"

"Ok buddy, too much information-Kazuo, please stop threatening this poor pervert before he says something we all regret." Tsuchigumo-sensei says. Kazuo isn't sure he wants to oblige. Money is money, and this man owes it. He should pay before Kazuo removes his blade, or he can pay with his life.

"No, I think the blade is perfectly positioned, maybe angle it a little lower so that my arrow might strike true as well." Tengu says, her bow readied and crow cawing disdainfully in tandem. Well, Kazuo didn't speak crow so he assumes it is in tandem and not just randomly cawing. Could be either.

"Nope. Not okay. Kazuo, Yumiko, please, lower your weapons."

"It's ok sensei, if they hurt him, I'll get him back up almost good as new!" Kenzo says, between bites of his dango.

"No eating on missions Kenzo, we talked about this."

"We talked about it, and I told you I need calories Tsuchigumo-sensei!" The fat man wiggles, Kazuo shifts the blade closer. He stops.

"Give us the money now, or die." Kazuo speaks into his ear in low tones, hoping that the many armed man behind him won't catch his words.

"Woah woah woah, this is an overdue library book-not blood money." The various arms are in positions of obvious distress, one on his head, one on his hip, two in the air, and two reaching out to pull Kazuo back.

"All money is blood money."

"Well that's-I mean-Maybe? But right now, we are trying to get a late fee and a book Kazuo, not make him-oh man." The fat man pisses himself. It's disgusting. Kazuo steps back, avoiding the puddle.

"Go collect your coins and your pornagraphy and return with unsoiled pants or be destroyed." Kazuo says, meeting beady black eyes with his own red cats eyes.

"Y-yes sir!" The man retreats into his house to the sound of sloshing pants. Kazuo waits. Tsuchigumo-sensei sighs. Yumiko hums. The crow caws. Kenzo chews.

"You know kids, there is a difference between being a Shinobi and being a thug. We can approach these situations with a bit more tact in the future, instead of jumping straight to death threats."

"For a ninja, I think Kazuo showed surprising forthrightness and honor."

"Yumiko, I was talking to you too, just because Kazuo was first doesn't mean you aren't in the wrong here as well."

"What about me, sensei?"

"I already told you to stop eating during missions, and you are still eating. What else is there to say, Kenzo?"

"Itadakimasu?"

--------------------------------------------------------------

The sun streams into the apartment from between open curtains. The space itself is likewise open, a few plants, a few hanging scrolls, bookshelves, a center table, cushions, Kazuo isn't sure if Sisuto-sensei is rich, but it seems like an awful lot of room for one person. The watering can is exactly where he was told it was, in a cabinet under the sink. With his foot, he lifts the small can to the sink, then with a single blade, he pushes the side dials of the faucet until the water comes out in a steady stream of lukewarm temperature he checks with a flick of his tongue.

The other genin were quick to make their excuses and hoist all seven days onto Kazuo. He didn't mind, watering the plants wasn't hard, even if he had to do it with his foot for the most part. He watches the water fill the can patiently, the early morning sounds coming in chirps, friendly greetings, and unhurried footsteps through the windows. Once the water sits about halfway up, he presses the faucet dial back to the other side with the flat of a blade.  Too much water and he'd spill, too little and he'd have to make more than one trip per plant, he had learned.

With both blades, he balances the watering can, one blade slipped into the gap of the handle, the other supporting the spout. The first plant is an ivy-like thing that rests on the center table. Since it's so low to the ground, it's the easiest and Kazuo's first stop on his round. He tips the spout gently, balancing the metal on metal as the water flows. Dry brown dirt turns almost black as the water soaks the pot, and Kazuo is careful to spread it around, wetting the soul and leaves as equally as he can with his limited range of motion.

Then it's back to the sink, refilling the can, and this time he sets the can down outside the sink on the counter. The next plant is on top of the bookshelf, too high for Kazuo to reach while balancing the can between blades. He'd spent a bit of time on the first day deliberating his options, but today he simply moves. His leg perpendicular to his body, he grasps the can with his toes, before leaping onto the empty space of the bookshelf with his other leg.

A single tremor runs through his leg from the bookshelf as he lands, and he steadies the can before it can spill. The shelf stills, and perched as he is, he pours the water down into the fern-looking plant with a gentle tip of the foot. It's an exercise in balance, and he wonders if maybe Ray-sensei was trying to teach him something. If he was, Kazuo had learned how to balance on one leg years ago. Balance is something he's pretty good at, he thinks, as he watches the water stream down into the green leaves, drooping them low under the weight, so he tips it back slightly, easing the stream and watching the plant bounce back. Eventually the can empties, and Kazuo leaps back to the sink, setting the can back on the counter and putting both feet back on the ground.

The last is a small collection of flowers hanging outside on the windowsill. Kazuo looks out onto Konohagakure as he pours with his foot again. The sun is barely visible over the village, painting the red and orange roofs in early morning sun, casting shadows across the faces of the Hokage carved into the mountain. Kazuo wonders, when did it all begin to look so familiar? As the can empties once more, Kazuo turns, looking across the empty apartment of his sensei. Was this a home? He'd like to have one too, someday.