Original Post:[>>45531643](https://archive.palanq.win/vt/thread/45529906/#45531643)
***
>I think we should talk about shota this thread.
***
Funnily enough I was just thinking about shota and cute inexperienced Alban trying to navigate handling his first cock in a world where he made the conscious decision to start whoring himself out and it didn't start with him being raped and resigning himself to doing it for money since he's already used goods. He'd be earnest and do his best but he fumbles and chokes when he's sucking it, put off by the smell of the older man's unwashed cock but knowing that it's one of the few ways he can get money asides from stealing so he gives it his all.
By the time he's got his ass in the air with the man's thick fingers inside him, he's long started crying but he's doing his best to try and keep the tears silent, not thinking that someone would want their boy whore to be crying right as he's about to fuck him. He can't keep it in though, sobbing loudly as he penetrates him. The only saving grace is that the man cums fast, Alban's abused ass feeling raw and aching as he pulls out, holding his hole open to watch his cum drip out afterward. It's not easy for Alban to decide to solicit his next client a week later and he feels sick as he lets him fuck his tiny mouth, but he has to do what he has to do and gradually it gets easier, he starts enjoying the sex and flirting becomes second nature, to the point where he's incapable of interacting with man without instinctively acting like he wants his dick.
***
Since he's a little boy he would charge the ojisans a higher price because they'll be "taking" his virginity even though he is used goods, but because he looks so young and is so small they all believe that he's a pure virgin. Only when he got older and hit an unexpected growth spurt he no longer has his own specific niche and has to compete with the rest of the whores which forces him to do increasingly depraved acts for the same amount of pay.
***
Degrading him and pushing him to his limits... testing just where the line is drawn for him and over time watching him break previously set limits. Once upon a time he refused the idea of swallowing cum, now he's willing to swallow piss for the same rate that he used to do a handjob, and so used to doing it that he no longer gags at the taste.
***
He lets them fuck him raw with no protection because they pay more and one day one of the men pisses inside of him and it was so disgusting he started crying but it was also the most pay he ever got from one client.
***
Cute crying Alban filled with piss and cum! Fucking him raw would be such a bad decision but it's still so tempting. Imagine fucking that dirty little street whore without protection and the diseases you'd end up with. Alban wouldn't have had the sexual education to make him aware of just how risky it is, if someone wants to cum inside him he doesn't see a reason not to, especially when they offer him more money for it. He knows if you cum in a girl that's how babies get made but he can't get pregnant so why would he care?