A harsh yellow light strobed across a simple, white room, beckoning the sleeping serpent out of his short rest. Not feeling the desire to fix whatever happened to go wrong this time, his orange scaled hand crept from underneath the covers and pulled them over his head, cocooning his body in a comforting warmth, protected from the glaring light. After the light failed to spur life into the snake the intercom buzzed. “Generator integrity in the Aries sector, station security, unstable. Engineer F54QA, Name: Eddy, requested at station.” A feminine voice echoed in the room. A synthetic one sure, but the urgency of the message still rung loud and clear. 

With a tired, defeated sigh Eddy pulled the covers off him and threw his legs over the side of his bed. A yawn escaping his throat as he fought to open his eyes, a hand scratching at his light-yellow stomach goading his body to action. Finally, with a nice long stretch that popped his back, he hopped of his bed and pushed in a long panel into the wall. After hearing a familiar click, he released the tension and let his closet roll out, making the small room feel even more cramped. Inside the closet where his clothes, most of them were blue-violet coveralls that assigned him as an engineer, but some cargo pants and mono-colored shirts hung from the top, and a mirror.

Eddy’s reflection stared back at him. Yellow, slitted, tired eyes. Thorny scales in burning colors across his body. A pair of grey underwear that hooks around the base of his tail. A slender yet strong that that has saved him on more than one occasion, and a body built by physical labor than in the gym. Though, as he glid his hands across his lower back to unclip the underwear, he felt his scales cling tight to his muscles. With another sigh, he changed his underwear and quickly hopped into a pair of coveralls, fetching his tool belt before pushing the closet shut and leaving his room. 

The walk to the Aries sector was uneventful. Everyone else were either asleep in their rooms or working as per usual despite the lockdown. Empty hallways off white and gray. The serpent looked through the windows on his right as he waited for a door to open. They were a way to see the void of space, or if you were lucky some of its wonders like a comet, the brown dessert planet off in the distance, or the promising colony planet they were orbiting. At least he thought it looked promising. Some guys are more cynical about it, not the least the chief of security. As the door opened, Eddy came face to face with him, a wide toothy smile greeting him as he entered the sector.

“Well, I’ll be, Eddy here in security. And I thought hell would freeze over before I got to lock you up.” A gruff, deep voice echoed out of the chief’s throat, the joking tone almost getting lost in the rumble of his drawl. The brown dotted fur of the hyena poked out from underneath the cuffs of his black suit; the clear color chosen to stand out against the clinical halls. “To what do I owe the pleasure?” He continued, pointing his rounded ears forward curiously. 
The chief’s suit hugged his body tightly, it was obvious from his stance he took pride in his profession. His wide frame a clear sign of his days spent training his body into top shape and intimidate any recruit into obedience. Even if his weakness was laid bare for all to see, his sweet tooth and love of alcohol had given him quite the gut. He thought claim that it was made of iron, and anyone dumb or drunk enough got to see their credits spent on another round at the bar.

“Generator’s unstable in this sector, better fix it before you guys run on battery.” Eddy said to the point, not wanting to stay awake or near the chief for any longer than he had to. “And sorry to disappoint Tyko, I still have a clean track record.” A hearty laugh echoed out of Tyko’s belly as he turned around and allowed the snake through. “I better follow with then, this area’s my responsibility after all.” He said while patting Eddy’s back, goading him to start walking.

As friendly as he usually is, Tyko bumped into Eddy trying to get his attention so they could start a conversation, which he took the initiative and started without the snake giving a sign of life. Eddy never really understood why the chief had taken an interest in him, especially when there were other people he could safely bother while they were working. But as they walked past the cafeteria and Eddy saw a bald eagle chatting with a rhino, he decided to throw the older man a bone, to sate his curiosity. “Heard some of your guys where on site when R&D got us into lockdown. How are they doing?” The orange snake asked. Tyko turned his head and saw his two officers, and with a grin began to talk. “Eh, those guys are fine. Just came home dehydrated once the fog wore off, a wonder how they were even parched after all that cum they drank.” A quick laugh escaped through his teeth as he saw the eagle blush. “Only Lucky can’t look that wolf in R&D in the eyes anymore without becoming a stuttering red-faced mess.”

“So what, you’re saying that you would handle being lust drunk to that degree better than him?” Eddy asked as he entered the dirty underbelly of the sector. The heat of the room already warming him up as he opened the hatch and bent over to inspect the generator. “Oh I wouldn’t know about that, but I do know that I would still be walking after being in the mist for long.” Tyko answered as he leaned against the wall, admiring the view as he pulled on his collar.

For only a moment were the two spared from the deafening rumbling of machinery as Eddy turned the generator off. After fetching a screwdriver from his belt, the snake leaned further into the hole in the ground, hiking his tail up instinctually to keep balance. Even with the source dead, the heat was still too much for the spotted hyena. Tyko unbuttoned his suit, exposing the short light brown fur of his chest as he kept close watch on the serpent’s rear. “Augh, this again? I fixed you last week.” Eddy’s voice echoed out of the mechanical pit. “First ship that comes here better have some more parts. There’s only so much I can do with what we have.” The door beside the hyena whirred, tightening itself as Tyko opened his shirt to show a white tank top underneath. “I could go for some meat. This synthetic stuff doesn’t match the quality of the real deal.” The hyena said, licking his lips as thought of the delicious meal in front of him.

With some black dust dirtying his orange scales Eddy rose with a groan, turning the generator back on before closing the hatch. With energy back to the sector, the broadcasting system awoke with a beep, catching Eddy and Tyko off guard. “Warning: Unknown substance on-route to Aries maintenance area for further filtration. Please do not force the doors open.” 

Eddy’s tail whipped in panic as he heard the vents of the room opening. Slowly a dense purple fog rolled out, covering the floor within a matter of moments. Try as he might, Tyko was unable to open the door with either his override code or his brute strength. A curse rumbled from under his breath as the big hyena gave up. “Least I’m stuck in here with some good company.” He added, looking at the hunched over snake. “How great.” Eddy said with a tired sigh, the sweet fragrance of the fog already invading his nostrils.

Thirty minutes passed in attempted silence, the heat from the generator made the fog rise and envelop the room in a pinkish hue. But the heat did not only affect the fog. Tyko had long since thrown his suit jacket onto the ground, further exposing his spotted body and sweaty top. Panting as his vision grew hazy, except for his focus. The orange snake that rested against the wall, his eyes closed, and the top part of his coverall undone as it hung off his hips with the help of a cloth belt. A drop of water hit his head, rolling down his shoulders, over the curves of his pecs and abs, finally disappearing into his probably damp trousers. As his gaze lingered around the snake’s crotch, Tyko noticed a slight throb inside Eddy’s pants. His hunger awakening, and his own erection pulsing against his pants, the hyena licked his maw as he crawled over to the snake.

Eddy felt something cold and wet press itself against his sculpted stomach, opening his eyes he saw the chief of security pressing his nose into his abdominals. “Say, why don’t we have some fun while we wait for the storm to pass?” Tyko asked while panting, gripping the snake’s hips as he tasted the snake’s smooth scales. The hyena’s strong hands held Eddy in place as he licked across the snake’s abdomen, a shiver crossing the snake’s back as Tyko’s tongue lapped at his crotch. “Ke-keep it together. We-we’re free in four hoursss!” His last words extended into a hiss as the hyena massaged Eddy’s thighs. Pressing his nose against Eddy’s bulge, the chief’s eyes covered in a haze of lust, he tugged at the snake’s belt. “Been on this hunt for a long-time kid. No way I’m giving up my prey now.” He said as he unbuckled the belt around Eddy’s waist.

Slowly, agonizingly slow for the hyena, the coverall fell off from the snake’s slender yet strong body. Gritting his teeth and placing a hand over his face, Eddy tried to keep himself under control as the deep huffs of the musclegut hyena brushed against the bulge in his underpants. “Prey, me?” Eddy managed to ask between controlled breaths. Tyko’s big hands rubbed against the base of Eddy’s thick tail, trying to find the button that kept the snake’s privates away from him. A light chuckle escaped the older hyena’s throat. “Just means that I think you’re cute Eddy.” He said as he found the button. With a wide grin he unbuttoned the underwear and pulled them down, revealing the throbbing member peeking out of Eddy’s slit. “And speaking from experience, the quiet ones are more fun to hear howl.” He continued, punctuating his desire with a lick of the snake’s glans.

“Fuck!” The snake yelped as he felt the broad tongue glide underneath his cockhead. The attention his exposed, throbbing cock got made Eddy lose control of his breathing. The purple fog invading his system, forcing his heart to pump more blood into his crotch to Tyko’s delight. With each pump of his heart the cock grew from the slit more and more, eventually standing proud above Tyko’s hungry black muzzle. With a lick of his mouth, the experienced hyena swallowed the tip and began to bob his head on it. 

Tyko was struggling at first, ever since the first hit everyone has been too on edge to screw one another’s brains out, but with perseverance, and suppressing his gag reflex, he managed to take the snake’s long length into his gullet. A moan escaped through the snake’s fingers as he felt his head enter the wet constricting throat. “Music to my ears.” Tyko thought, as he bobbed his head, his nose eventually hitting the smooth scales of Eddy’s crotch. Holding his breath, he kept the dick lodged in his gullet as his broad tongue started to tease the slit. 

Eddy threw his head back, banging it against the wall, as he felt the eager tongue and throat try to milk his cock. Hunger was in the hyena’s eyes as he sucked on the snake’s dick as he would his favorite lollipop. As fun as it was to force noises out of the engineer, his own turgid member demanded attention. Releasing a hand from the snake’s hips, he pulled down his trousers and pre-soaked underwear in one fell swoop, making his beer can thick member whip up, shooting a strand of pre against the wall. Not enough for the big, gutted officer, he pulled reluctantly away from the salty treat. Grabbing the hem of his tank top, he pulled it over his head and let it rest on his back. Before Eddy could recover, Tyko swallowed his member once more, a groan reverberating through his full throat as he tugged on his sensitive nipples. 

Pressure was building inside of Eddy’s loins. The voracious licking and sloppy blowjob made his heart beat faster, forcing more blood to surge towards his crotch. This did not go unnoticed by Tyko, as the pulsing member broke through his defenses, making him gag. But he preserved through it, his desire for the sculpted snake’s cum stronger than his reflex to breath at this point. The snake held his breath, trying to stop the last pump of vitality to leave from his strong chest. Yet he could not keep it for long as he felt a familiar tightness inside his slit, one that became unbearable to hold back. “Fuck!” He yelled once more, his claws making gashes in the wall as the tight sensation forced itself out, hitting the hyena’s closed eye. 

He winced and recoiled back, ropes of pre blended saliva connecting him to the dick before coughing. “Hey! No need to play that rou…” His mouth hung agape, the words on his minds uselessly rolling off his tongue at the sight. The long, decently thick cock had a twin. Poking out from besides the saliva covered dick was yet another, throbbing in tandem with its brother. One would for sure scratch a deep itch, but with both Eddy was thicker than even Tyko was. His hand, once eager to tug at his pre covered dick, now prodded at his backside. Two fingers spreading his hole as the hyena inhaled the fog and the snake’s musk. His ring burning of pleasure, and an intense need for more.

“Oh- oh wow.” Tyko stammered out, still shocked by the sudden addition. Eddy was unable to hear the gasps underneath him, a soothing wave rolled out from his crotch as his second member forced itself out, making his go blank. The hyena swallowed with a loud gulp, the last drop of Eddy’s pre going down his throat with it to attempt to quench his thirst. Yet, even if a single drop had no chance to douse it, Tyko still wanted more. His fingers no longer being enough, he stretched his ass one last time before placing his hand one Eddy’s shaking legs.

With no energy to oppose the officer, the snake let Tyko push him off the wall and onto the ground. He tried to push himself up but felt a weight on his stomach keeping him down. With both legs on Eddy’s side, Tyko had managed to trap the endowed snake by his strong thighs and weight. A hungry grin came on the hyena’s maw as he saw his cock rest atop the snake’s chest, throbbing between his pecs as pre oozed out of it. But there was something better in store for him. The heavy hyena lifted himself up and lined up against the two throbbing members, a small shiver going up his spine as he felt them pulse against his rear. With no time to lube up the second one, he spit in his hand and gave the dry twin three healthy strokes. Not able to wait any longer, Tyko dropped his hips slowly and felt the two dicks prod against his hole, relishing in the burning as they tried to spread him open. They pushed against his eager entrance, steadily giving room for the heads to enter. Yet, in his excitement, one slipped away while the other pushed past the rim. With a frustrated yet needy groan Tyko felt Eddy’s dick inside him as he grabbed the other. 

As the hyena fiddled with his members, Eddy felt the hyena’s girth rest atop his abdomen. The thick cock steadily drooling out copious amounts of pre onto his stomach. A sigh escaped his lungs as he felt Tyko’s walls hug his cockhead while the other got massaged by the rough furred hand. This is a pace he could get used to.

But the officer’s drug fueled hunger demanded more, and with another attempt at pushing them both in, he dropped his hips onto Eddy’s crotch. Gasps echoed in the room. Eddy did not have time to brace for the hyena’s weight and lost the air in his lungs as it hit his hips. Tyko had not only managed to get both cocks in at once, but also gotten down half their length in one go. The fullness he felt was nigh indescribable, their strong throbbing inside him made the hyena shot a rope of pre across Eddy’s yellow pecs. But with a lick of his jowls Tyko braced himself, the lust inside him yearning for more.
Slowly raising his hips, Tyko felt the dicks scrape against his inner walls in agonizing euphoria, pinching his nipples once he did not dare to let any more leave his hole. Then, with a deep breath, Tyko bent his strong legs slowly, allowing for more of Eddy’s members to penetrate his tight behind. Bobbing up and down, the hyena showed his experience as he relaxed on entry, letting the smooth, warm gingerly kiss against the snake’s tools, and tightening up on exit, trying to milk the two cocks for as much pre as possible before exiting. 

Grind after grind, fall after rise. Eddy laid on the ground, stunned by the wet massage his dicks got as they rubbed against one another, inhaling the deeply concentrated substance. His body was burning, scales flaring, as Tyko bounced atop his lap. He felt the cool pre steadily covering his stomach as the officer’s dick throbbed against his abs. Suddenly, a spark started at the top of his spine and jolted to the tip of his tail. The sudden shock making the snake buck his hips upwards, fully hilting himself inside the furry ass and forced an uncharacteristically whorish moan out of Tyko. 

Trying to stop his spine from shaking due to the overwhelming pressure on his prostate, the hyena rested atop Eddy’s lap. His own dick twitching heavily, ready to blow from any sudden move. “Yeah. You like that, don’t you son.” Tyko said, leaning down to lick the reptile’s chest. “Your heart’s beating mighty fast, assume that’s why your dicks are hammering against my p-spot.” The hyena’s cold tongue burned against Eddy’s smooth scales, slowly going up towards his neck. “Still holding back, are you?” He asked, gripping Eddy’s hand and guiding it towards his supple rear. “I can take a beating, so give me what you got!” He groaned, before once more starting to piston himself against the wet scales on Eddy’s crotch.

His senses flying high, the snake closed his eyes and held onto Tyko’s ass, spreading it apart, as the hyena’s inner walls feverishly milked Eddy’s members for his cum. A rain of sweat, curses and drool rained onto his yellow scales as the sweet toothed officer smashed his the cocks against his prostate. The fire in his stomach needed to be doused, and the only thing strong enough was his prey’s seed. With a powerful thrust that would break the snake’s hips if his job did not make him sturdy, Tyko hilted himself once more inside him and cursed into Eddy’s neck. “FUCK!” 

The hairs on his back raised as the orgasm hit Tyko’s mind. Ropes of viscous seed shoot out against the snake’s front, coating his abdomen in a mixture of cum and pre. Waves of pleasure rocked the hyena’s body, making him twitch and moan out in bliss as his ass tightened around Eddy’s cocks. The snake’s sensitive senses were assaulted as the man on top of him covered him in cum. The soft walls convulsed around his members and, with a short groan from the serpent, broke the floodgates as he came. Tyko’s body raised itself straight as the first shot entered his guts, his tongue lolling out of his maw as he felt the younger snake’s virility fill him up. His composure crumbling underneath the barrage of twitching dicks against his prostate and the warm cum sating his lust.

Drunk off pleasure, Tyko fell onto his back, the dicks in his ass exiting him with a wet pop. He whined as an empty feeling took over, his body trying to close his rim to keep the cum he has thirsted for months inside. As much as his quivering arms tried, he could not raise himself off the ground. His body weak after the orgasm.

Yet, he saw over the top of his gut an orange form rise in the mist and walk closer. Two hands grabbed each of his ankles, pulling him closer to it. “Hey! Wha-what’s the meaning of this?” He asked, eagerness hiding in the scared tone. In the afterglow’s haze he felt his hips being pulled up and meet the snake’s, his dicks still hard and grinding against Tyko’s cum covered crack. Eddy leaned forward, pushing the hyena’s legs up towards his head and raising his spotted hips, and looked Tyko in the eyes, the hyena swore he saw the yellow sclera form into a heart. “Said you could take a pounding, so I’m applying a stress test to you.” The engineer said, lifting his hips up and lined both of his dicks up towards the cum glazed hole. Eddy gave the same curtesy the hyena gave to him and slammed his hips against his rear before he could object. Buried deep inside the furry ass once more, he rotated his hips trying to find the familiar bump his cocks got thrust against. 

Panting and feeling the tendons in his hips yell at him, Tyko tried to form a coherent thought. “Listen kid, I can’t stretch that fa-Gah!” Though he could not get far before Eddy bit into his pec, the forked tongue playing around with his nipple. With the weight of the muscular snake above on him and his nipple played with, the older hyena could not fight against being folded into a mating press. As Eddy released the pec a determined look came across his face. “What’s a stress test if not pushing the machine to it’s limit?” He asked as he raised his hips, certain of the spot to aim. “I want to see how you break apart.” The sentence punctuated with a strong thrust into Tyko’s rear and a gasp from the burly hyena.

His gears already in motion, Eddy began to jackhammer into Tyko. The hyena’s supple ass a perfect springboard to bounce up before slamming the snake’s dicks into his hole, smashing against the prostate during every thrust. Each time Eddy’s and Tyko’s hips met an energetic clap echoed in the room, and shortly there after the various sounds of the hyena. Quick yelps when the smacks against his ass hurt a bit too good. A drawn-out groan when Eddy leaned down to bite onto his pec. Quick moans as the tempo increased, and an outdrawn whoreish moan when the snake was close to pounding a load out of him.

The hyena felt the pressure building, his sack tightening against his crotch as it built in power. Each thrust into his rear adding to the battering ram trying to force itself out. With a scream the officer came once more, his cock shooting out his seed over his brown chest. More ropes shot out of his dick as Eddy kept on pounding, painting white stripes to match his brown spots. Some shot with such power they landed into his maw, the sour and salty liquid going down his gullet as he swallowed. Shortly thereafter, Eddy hilted inside him with a powerful thrust, pushing Tyko’s legs further than he could normally stretch as the muscular snake shot another load into him.

In a moment of post orgasmic clarity, the hyena realized that he had swallowed his own cum hands free, and from the warmth in his stomach it was not a small amount. “Strike that off the bucket list.” He panted, the pain of being folded into a mating press long since gone from his hips. With shaky legs Eddy pulled out and gave the hyena’s ass a smack of approval, streams of white flowing out of the well pounded ass as it jiggled. “This position done. Now…” The snake flipped Tyko over, the hyena’s ass now hanging bare in the air as his front rested on the metal floor. “For the next.” Eddy said, once more pointing his cum covered dicks into the hyena’s hole. A lewd smile spread across the officer’s face as he felt the snake’s greedy hands spread him apart.

Eventually it became a foggy, lust driven, blur for both. In one moment, Eddy was hotdogging Tyko’s cheeks before shooting two loads across his back. In another, Tyko was giving the snake a pecjob as he sat on his gut. At one moment Eddy had managed to find the strength to fuck Tyko against the wall, the hyena’s strong legs locked behind his back surely help. Their rut continued for long, until finally the coms beeped the door whirred open.

Waiting on the other side of the door stood a bald eagle, small for his stature but his wingspan he was proud of. He had seen the chief and an engineer walk into the generator room before the warning but had hoped they gotten out before the doors shut. Suddenly the doors unlocked, hot air flowing out of the small room as it opened for the first time in hours. He tried to lean inside to check, but someone popped out before he could. In the doorway stood Eddy, a tired look on his face as he walked out the room. His stomach covered in a layer of sweat and cum, his members starting to soften up as they still poked out of the slit.

The snake turned and saw the eagle, a shocked expression on his face. “Lucky, right?” He asked, finally getting the birds attention. “Think the chief’s going to need your help.” He said, pointing into the room. Leaning closer, wary not to touch the seed slickened snake, Lucky saw Tyko with his ass up in the air, a waterfall of cum slowly trickling out of his gaping ass and his eyes rolled into his skull. As the bird stared in awe, Eddy began to walk away, back the way he came. “He-Hey! Wait! Where are you going?” Lucky asked, hoping for some help to carry his heavy chief to his room. The snake turned around, his coveralls hanging over his arm, and with a straight face said, “Going to bed, but I probably need to shower first.”