It was almost 12 AM. I had just put out the embers that formerly blazed from the campfire, and was making my over to the tent. Inside, I got my phone and set it to silent, making sure no weird alarms would go off when the time came. I also made an effort earlier to clear the campsite of anything that could make noise. I didn’t want anything to scare him off again like last time. The trees blowing in the wind was the only sound I could hear in that moment. Just as the clock was about to reach midnight, I laid down on the floor, my sheets the only barrier between me and the twig filled earth underneath. As soon as my watch read 12:00, I shut my eyes and waited for him.
As seconds turned into minutes, I began to get worried. Had I forgotten something? Did he move somewhere else? All the reports claimed the creature to wander in these mountains around now, so where was he. Just as I was about to give up completely, I could hear the sound of his roar near me, just outside the tent. It was a gargling noise, followed by a loud hiss in the air. I could begin to feel my body quiver at the thought of him coming in the tent. The footsteps began to get louder and louder, until finally, he entered through the circular tent door. While I was trying to look asleep, I slightly opened my eyes to get a glimpse of the monster. He looked exactly the same as he did the last time. He had a humanoid build, smooth, black oily skin. There was no hair anywhere on his body or head, but he did have these large, flared earlobes that twitched whenever any amount of sound was picked up by then. His fingers and feet were like that of a human, except he had 4 fingers on each hand that were massive and bulbous. As he crept closer to me, I opened my eyes wide to see him standing tall over me, the moonlight casting his shadow on my naked body (I had stripped myself just moments before). Before I could even gesture to him, he grabbed my arms, forcing them down against the ground. He looked dead into my eyes. His were all red, with a black dot in the middle. He started to stick out his tongue, and I watched in awe as the bright pink serpent slithered out of his mouth. The tongue motioned its way onto my chest, landing on my nipples. As soon as it touched the skin, I winced in pleasure, but I had to contain myself. Whatever he was, he was very sensitive to sound, and I didn’t want him to leave again before he got to the good part.
He licked around my left nipple, then moved slowly to the right one, leaving a trail of thick, sticky fluid along the way. I must have been real sensitive there, because my penis began to rise off my abdomen. In that moment, he stopped licking and looked down towards my crotch. My dick has gotten so erect, it bumped into his muscular chest. He looked back at me, making a low humming sound, and traveled down to my thighs. The moonlight hit the tip of my cock, and I could see that his insistent licking caused me to leak a bit of pre. The black creature placed his head on my upper thighs, looking at the hard member. I think he was smiling, but it was hard to tell, since I was too busy trying to brace myself for what I knew would come. His tongue began to slip through his lips and caress my balls, wrapping his tongue around them and up to the base of my cock. Then, with the remainder of tongue he had, began to use the tip of his tongue to work his way into my pre-soaked foreskin, circling the head of my cock. I wanted to bad for him to jerk me off his tongue, like I had fantasized for so long, but I guess he knew that I would come too easily from that, and he wanted to have his fun. Every hot puff from his lips brought me closer to climaxing, but just as it was about to happen, he quickly retracted from my crotch, slurping his tongue back into his mouth. 
	I thought he must have heard something, and that he was going to leave again, but he stayed inside the tent and got on his knees. Using his slimy hands, he gripped my legs and bent them towards my chest. I knew what was going to happen, but I didn’t expect how he would do it. As I looked at the alien being, he had his penis, which had to be at least a foot long, in his hands, stroking it as he stared at my hole. His cock was the same black/gray hue as his skin, spotted with dark patches. It was also incredibly veiny, pulsing every time his hand glided on it. The head was a deep purple, glistening from the pre that dribbled from the top. He grabbed the back of my thighs and pressed the tip of his wet cock against my asshole, thrusting more and more until the tip finally plopped inside of me. I gasped and gripped onto the sheets as his thick member plowed into me. He went deeper and deeper, inching further inside me until I yelped from pain. He stopped, and I looked at his face, hoping I didn’t just end our act prematuely, but after a few seconds, he got into his rhythm. His hips thrusted slowly, gliding his cock against the walls of my rectum. Every pump made my cock spill more and more precum down the shaft. My chest was becoming more and more of a sticky mess. He started to lean forward, laying his chiseled chest on mine and looking me in the eyes with his red orbs of lust. My cock was wedged between us, being rubbed by the mucuous skin on his abdomen and spreading my juices between him and me. I started to pant faster and faster, and he matched my breathing with his fucking. He must have been able to tell I was going to come, because as I as close, he plopped his mouth onto mine, sticking his tongue to the back of my throat as our eyes locked. He froze, and so did I, as we both released ourselves in that second. I could feel my guts begin to fill with his fluids, and mine were seeping in the warm sandwich our bodies created during our heated moment.
The monster pulled himself off of me, my cum stranding onto his chest. He pulled out of me, spilling the seed he had injected in my hole. He stood up again, his penis flopping as it retracted into his crotch, and turned away to leave the tent. As he left, he made that same gurgling noise from before, and disappeared into the night. Needless to say, I had quite the mess the clean up the next morning...
