You are Anon, the Captain and sole crew-member of the Solus. Recently you have taken a contract to capture and interrogate a local bartender suspected of being an info broker to a galactic terrorist group. The suspect in question was a seven foot tall Sangheili.
Despite the size and muscle mass difference, capturing him was actually relatively easy! All it took was catching him off work, giving him a couple drinks laced with sleeping pills, offering a ride "home" and then throwing him into the brig when he was all tuckered out.
The interrogation part was going to be a bit more tricky. Well, for most people it would.
You however, are an ex-intelligence agent. You knew more than a few techniques on how to make people talk, nearly all of which you found distasteful and only few of which were actually useful on a big tough alien.
However, you knew one trick that guaranteed the subject would spill and spell out anything. 
Your guest is held up by adjustable magnetic hover bondage chains tied to his arms and ankles, right now set to be just short enough that he is forced to either stand or take an awkward half-kneeling position.
During the few hours that he was passed out you took the liberty of throwing him into a medical shower which cleaned him thoroughly, inside and outside.
You prepared a small trolley of tools, mostly for show. The only real items of interest are a collar with leash, a crop whip, several vibrators of varying sizes and functions and a couple instruments for intimidation. Stepping into the room, it appears that your unwilling BDSM partner has woken up and isn't too happy. When he sees you enter his eyes narrow, forehead ridge lowering and settling into a glare. He is prepared to give you a piece of his mind when you decide to take the initiative, cutting off anything he might say and putting on your intimidating agent man persona.
"Kay'lo Minare. Seven foot four inches or two hundred and twenty five centimeters. Twenty two years old in Standard Earth time. Father died in the Capellan Uprising ten years ago. You have a history of being quite the trouble maker, didn't take long for you to join the local small time gang. Vandalism, theft, damage to public and private property - you're quite the naughty boy." You kept a calm and even tone, circling around Kay'lo with the crop in hand and punctuating your last sentence with a whip across his tight buttock, receiving a yelp in response. Though with all that skin and musculature combined with the lack of power in your strike it was more than likely just from the shock of it.
He recovers quickly enough, breathing out the beginning of a retort.
"How dare y-"
Not wanting him to get a word in edge-wise you smack him again, just enough to sting this time, trailing the crop across his thigh.
"And it only got worse from there. You found yourself in the middle of a gang war and your side got slaughtered. Well except for you of course, you ran away like a coward." Another whip, this time across the left cheek, and once again with greater force. Another yelp, now with a slight jump of his whole body. Kay'lo apparently takes interrogation even worse than you thought, if his labored breathing is anything to go by.
"Now, the story gets interesting. You found your father's old friends. Rebels. Outlaws. Scum." Smack, smack, smack. One for each of the three words, increasing the power and increasing the reaction you receive, culminating in a small howl of pain on the third hit. He is left breathless, and you intentionally give him a small room for recovery.
"I- I did no-" And then you whip him again, earning you a choked gasp as you move to his front, crop still resting on his flamed cheek. There are tears welling in his eyes but his brow is furrowed, still trying to put on a brave, resentful front. You will bring that down, one way or another.
"You will talk when I say you can talk. Moving on. You and your new companions did some bad, bad things. They taught you how to fight, how to hate. You raided freighters and ambushed innocent civilians. Made your first kill, hm?"
"No! I- Ah!" You reprimand him with a hit right on his genital vent, lightly of course. You're not a monster. Kay'lo would seem to disagree, with his high pitch yelp and the way his hips tried to recoil only to be held in place by the chains.
"Tsk tsk tsk, you're not much of a learner, are you? I'll bring this to a close. One day, spontaneously, you had a change of heart. You went to the local peacekeeper station and reported the location of your Rebel buddies in exchange for lighter sentencing. No arrests were made of course, just a short firefight as your friends fled. Almost as if they knew the police were coming."
You stare into his eyes, still defiant but now with a tear going down his cheek. He doesn't offer a response, just ragged breathing and slight shaking. Though whether that's from fear or anger is hard to tell.
"And that brings us to the present. The police had nothing on you outside of your confession, one month in a cell and two doing community service and you were free. Found yourself an employment in a dingy bar in the rough part of town and that was the end of it. But you see Kay'lo, I don't think that's where that story ends. I think you and your friends made a dirty little scheme. The bar is owned by your uncle who conveniently popped out of nowhere after several years and the place itself sees quite a lot of traffic. Sitting right in the middle of the busiest part of town, just a short walk from the spaceport, well you probably hear just about everything from whatever drunken cop, merc and business owner that decides to visit."
Halfway through your speech you started rubbing his dick slit with your thumb, using the rest of the palm to cup and caress his balls. His breathing got even more frantic and his eyes couldn't seem to stay in one place.
"Well, any urge to confess?" You expect nothing, Kay'lo almost seems out of this world. Completely unresponsive and yet his brain is obviously running on overdrive, most likely coming up with all sorts of wild scenarios.
"I was hoping you would do that."
And with that, you bring your fingers up to your mouth, coating them in saliva while walking to Kay'lo's back. You caress his left butt cheek and give him a gentle squeeze. The big guy lets out a grunt, which only encourages you to grab the other cheek and spread both of them apart. And finally, you find the prize. His hole has a pinkish-purple tone, with cute little freckles on the outside rim. What's more, it looks incredibly tight. Certain to give you a bit more work but oh, the reward will be more than worth it.
"Ngh, what are yo- Ah!" Without giving him warning, you push your index finger in. You don't manage to get far however as Kay'lo's ass clamps down instantly. Unless the big boy relaxes you're not going to be making much progress. Luckily, you know a couple ways to deal with this.
Popping your finger out of his hole you get a firmer grab on his butt, spreading it even further. You bring your face close enough that he can feel your hot breath on his pucker and without any delay you give him a long, slow lick from taint to hole.
Kay'lo responds with a deep long moan, any thoughts of hostility momentarily forgotten in a brief moment of pleasure. Just as you were hoping for.
You don't waste any time and get right to work preparing his ass for the eventual main course. Starting out around the rim you quickly begin pressing your tongue inside his hole, licking anything you can. You get into a routine of slurping around the outside first before diving in as deep as you can, caressing every millimeter with your tongue and coating his insides with your saliva before you have to come up for air, finishing the cycle with a long sloppy kiss on his hole.
The Sangheili has seemingly lost himself in a new found pleasure that you bestowed upon him, letting out slutty moans that vary in pitch depending on what spot you hit inside of him. He looks like he could go on like this forever, and so could probably you, but there is so much more fun to be had.
With a parting kiss, you give his butt a slap. Walking towards the trolley that you brought in you get a good look at his proud manhood. The big saurians have several differences compared to human equipment. The tip is tapered into a triangular shape but more distinctively there are several cute round nubs running down the sides of his shaft.
Surprisingly, and for some people quite disappointingly, Sangheili aren't really all that hung considering their size. Evolution apparently thought that six inches on average was enough for them and while there are several ways to increase the size of your flagpole with modern genetic enhancement, so far you haven't met a single alien who wanted to do that. Apparently dick measuring contests are almost exclusively a human thing.
Focusing on the task at hand, you reach the trolley and take out two things. One is a padded vibrating cock ring and the second is an intimidation tool. It's a phallic shaped cheese grater that you nabbed from a pawn shop at the ass end of the galaxy. You never used it, either for it's intended purpose or as a method of torture but just the sight of it is enough for just about everyone.
You turn to face Kay'lo, using your neural implant to adjust the mag bracelets and putting him a new position where he is hover on his back, just a few feet off the ground at your crotch level.
If you weren't hard before then the sight before you would have taken care of that. There's nothing hidden in this position. His legs are slightly raised, giving you a perfect view of his ass, hanging balls and erect shaft. His entire body is glistening from sweat, his toned stomach rising and falling from the rim job you gave him but what gets you most of all is his bliss-ed out face. Eyes half closed and tongue slightly lolling out, it looks like he's putting as much effort as he can to keep his head upright.
"W-why did-" For what feels like the hundredth time, you cut him off yet again.
"Why did I do that? Or why did I stop?" You can't help the smirk coming to your face and you would probably tease him more if you weren't so eager to get started. You step close to him and when you're sure you have his attention, you bring the Dick Grater to his eyes which widen in surprise and more than a little bit in fear.
"Now, we can do this two ways. Either this little monstrosity goes up your ass, or" In one motion you pull down your underwear, releasing a much bigger monstrosity from it's confines and flopping it on his belly.
You're not vain or insecure, really. It just helps to have a massive dick in your line of work.
"I can shove my fat, smooth cock up there instead. What's it gonna be, my pet?" To add emphasis to your words you thrust forward, sliding across his stomach and rubbing up against his own shaft bringing out a small moan from him. You silently pray that he won't take long to answer, you're not sure how long you can hold back.
Kay'lo takes one glance between the steel torture tool and your two tools rubbing each other, seemingly coming to a quick decision.
"I-I-Yours, I w-" He cuts himself off, looking away. Honestly, you're surprised he managed that much but you still need him to go all the way. You tug on your cock, peeling back the foreskin and uncovering the head. All the musk that was trapped inside for the better part of the day wafts in the saurian's direction. His loud inhale and rolling eyes were almost comical, if it wasn't so arousing.
His eyes lock onto your shaft, a desperate war is going on in his mind. You can guess which side is winning when he next parts his mandibles.
"Y-yours, I want your.." You can feel it, just one more push is needed. You   pull back your hefty manhood and adjust the bonds one last time so that you have the perfect angle, strapping the cock ring in your hand to Kay'lo's base. 
"You want mine what?" You press up against his hole, almost losing yourself and thrusting early. You don't need to wait long.
"Cock! I-I want your f-fat cock! F-fuck me!" Not waiting any longer you thrust your hips forward, sinking a quarter of your dick inside in one move. Kay'lo shudders and lets out a long, drawn out moan. Whatever reservations, if he had any, are gone now and his body can only focus on the pleasure. You quickly turn on the ring attached to his dick, the sound of vibrating motors dimmed by yet another, shorter moan. The assault on Kay'lo's senses is too much for him to bear, his head hanging limply from the stimulation overdose.
You pull back for another thrust, sinking more than half of your shaft inside the warm walls. You can't help but give out a grunt of your own, not pretending to be cool matters at this moment. You rear back one final time as much as you can, bracing your hands on the Sangheili's hips before ramming yourself in. You bury yourself fully, giving out another grunting and momentarily enjoying the grip on your cock. Kay'lo for his part can only make strangled noises of pleasure, gargling on his own saliva, mind and body in two different places.
Forgetting any sense of pacing you start thrusting away. First, with short quick pumps and alternating into long hard slams. The tight muscles around you feel heavenly, Kay'lo's body unwittingly doing it's best to milk your shaft. Pre spurts from your tip, coating the walls making your entry smoother and giving your rutting a lewd, wet sound. You angle yourself downward, trying to hit the saurian's prostate. The moment you do Kay'lo lets out a roar which very quickly turns into slutty gasping and moaning.
The dick in front of your flexes, spurting long jets of pure white cum. He shoots far, coating the ground, himself and some even landing in your hair. His hips buck into the orgasm, balls drawn tight into a pouch as they work out their load. You keep fucking him throughout this, not giving him a break. Kay'lo looks completely exhausted but you don't let up, the fun will  only end when you reach your peak.
You keep the pace for as long as you can, speeding up and slowing down to draw out the act for as long as possible. Kay'lo makes a strangled, gasping noise each time you ram against his prostate. His cock jumped back to life shortly after he orgasmed, spurned on by the vibrating ring and the constant pressure from within.
Try as you might to hold it off, your own climax is approaching fast. You grab Kay'lo by his hips, pushing in his ass as much as you can and rutting as fast as your own body allows you. You're like an animal in heat, not even an inch of your cock leaves his body before it goes right back in. Your lower body is a blur, you can feel your balls bouncing back and forth  right before they tighten up against your groin.
No longer able to hold back, you push in one last time before unloading deep inside the alien's hole. You shudder in pleasure, hips weakly moving on their own with the desire to breed, letting out a spurt after spurt of cum, your balls going into overdrive. You're not sure if you pass out for a moment but the overwhelming sensation ends. Your momentary loss of control resulted in the both of you sprawled on the ground, magnetic bonds dropping Kay'lo and you on the floor.
You're trying to catch your breath and recover when you feel a throbbing on your stomach. Looks like the vibrator shut off accidentally and the big guy got close but not quite reached his second orgasm. Looking up and seeing his needy face you decide to be merciful. Reaching down you wrap your hand around his manhood and quickly run it up and down. Kay'lo softly groans and closes his eyes, softly thrusting into your hand.
"C'mon, cum for me. Shoot for me boy." You whisper him words of encouragement and speed up your handjob. It doesn't take long for him to let out a soft moan and you feeling bursts of fluid hitting your stomach and coating your hand.
"There you go, good boy. Goooood boy, let it all out." You softly nurse his tip for a few moments, watching him shudder before pulling away. Slowly, you pull your own dick out of his ass with a wet pop. All the overflowing cum starts to pool between Kay'lo's legs. You crawl up his body, hooking your arms under his armpits and close your eyes, almost drifting off to sleep, only to be interrupted by your partners voice.
"I'm innocent." You shake yourself off, craning your head to look at him, though he avoids your gaze.
"I- the owner is not my uncle, but he is not a bad man. I did not wish for him to take on the title but he himself insisted, he wished t-to care for me." You had almost forgotten why you were doing this in the first place. Almost feels like it was in a different life all together. Kay'lo takes a deep breath before continuing.
"I only sought the Rebels after living on the streets for weeks. I- I hoped that they would h-help me, they were the only people related to my father." His voice gets shakier the longer he speaks, almost looking on the verge of a break down, but you don't interrupt him.
"I never k-killed anyone. I ran after they had asked me to and I have not seen them since. T-that is the truth." Finally, his head swings around and his eyes meet yours. Moisture wells up in the corners and you think he'll burst any minute.
"P-please, believe me." His whole body starts to shake, tears slowly roll down his cheeks but he does not weep. You've heard enough. Bringing your head behind him, rubbing his back in circles in an attempt to calm him.
"Shh, it's alright. I believe you. Go to sleep now, we'll figure everything out in the morning, alright?" Whether it's exhaustion or your words you don't know, but Kay'lo seems to take the advice. With one last exhale he lowers his head on your arm, pressing his body to yours. And after some maneuvering to find a comfortable spot, you do the same to him.
Some would call this whole situation bizarre but you wouldn't have it any other way.