\>Be Anon
\>It's been a while since you tried dating again.
\>But one of your friends wouldn't stop bugging you to get back out there and try.
\>So here you were adding yourself to this new dating site he recommended.
\>"Growling Love" typically humans didn't use the site but if you wanted a new experience then this was the place.
\>You didn't put down too many preferences, aside from the fact you were looking for a male. Hopefully that'd attract someone cute...
\>You got a reply after a few weeks of waiting, from another account that was pretty new titled "Gr33nCutie".
\>The profile was clearly someone who was nervous about the whole dating deal.
\>Not many pictures on the profile just some slightly out of focus shots of their room which had an assortment of comic books and video game consoles along the shelves.
\>The only thing you had to go by was the scaled green hand in a few of the shots as well as his bio stating him to be 7 feet tall and over 300 pounds.
\>Surprised that you got a match so fast as well as the prospect that a Dragon or someone thought you were cute you chatted for a bit via the messenger.
\>He was mostly shy at first describing his work at the local game shop with great detail and interest.
\>A few of the messages stood out as strange however, some of them were more direct and confident while others were almost angry in tone.
\>Besides the bizarre feeling that it was almost a group chat you enjoyed it enough to agree to meet with him.
\>Excited and nervous for your upcoming date the last message you get before he signs off for the day is "Oh we almost forgot our name is Edwin!"
\>Before you can write a reply about the weird phrasing the message shows a small "edited" text to the side and the "We" is swapped out for "I".
\>Well your friend did say to expand your horizons, strange typing habits aside you looked forward to meeting Edwin the next day.
 
\>Time flies as your date approaches.
\>Not only has it been a while but now your going on a date with a scaley dude who is way bigger than you.
\>At least you were both huge nerds if Edwin's profile is anything to go by.
\>His house is a few miles out of the city in the rich suburbs and once you arrive you can tell the building has been set up to accommodate larger creatures.
\>As you walk up to the massive door to ring the doorbell you can't help but hear some muffled voices talking inside.
\>Maybe he has roommates, he didn't mention any online though.
\>Once the chime of the doorbell goes off the voices quiet in a flash.
\>Your heart races as you listen to the lumbering footsteps get closer to the door.
\>With a slow creak the door inches open and a long scaley neck peeks out.
\>"Oh hiya there you must be Anon!" The dragon says with a smile.
\>Before you can get your greeting out you hear two voices behind the door.
\>"Is he cute? I want to see him too!" Edwin turns his head as if to argue back but you can only sit in stunned silence as two more heads pop out from behind the door frame.
\>"Yay he is!" The left head eeks out with a grin.
\>The right head scoffs at the childish display before admitting "Yeah I guess he seems alright."
\>You struggle to find words as you look over each of your dates heads.
 
 
\>Edwin's center head seems really nervous about you seeing him like this.
\>He starts apologizing about not telling you he's a hydra and he won't be surprised if you just leave like the others but you quickly cut him off.
\>"Hey now if you would have told me you looked this good I would have come over sooner." You hit him with a sappy but genuine line.
\>"Really you're ok with this?" He seems almost in disbelief as he opens the door fully.
\>Edwin is a big dude, even disregarding his long necks and three heads he is clearly on the chubbier side for a big dragon.
\>The other big reveal is that the hydra in front of you is only wearing a fundoshi, the rest of his body exposed in all it's scaley glory.
\>Edwin notices you're staring at his state of undress.
\>"Oh uhh sorry I should have let you know about that as well. They don't really make clothing in my size and my scales do the job well enough so I never really wear anything besides underwear." All three of his heads seem embarrassed about this fact as he twiddles his thumbs nervously.
\>"Not that we haven't tried or anything! It's just more comfortable to go without." His right head add's.
\>Your barely hear him as stare at him in a daze with a growing erection in your pants.
\>"Umm Anon your nose is bleeding..." Edwin says as you snap back to reality.
 
\>You quickly adjust your pants to hide your growing bulge.
\>"It's ok I think its stopped." You say cleaning yourself up with a tissue.
\>"Well come on in then Anon I was just in the middle of cooking up some food for us." Edwin says with a smile.
\>As he turns around to head inside you can't help but get a good view of his ass.
\>Even with the fundoshi covering his more sensitive areas you see get an eye-full of big dragon cheeks.
\>Damn it there goes your nose again.
\>As sneaky as you thought you may have been Edwin's right head looked over his shoulder and smirked as he saw you.
 
\>After taking a moment to re-compose yourself you head inside to see Edwin in the kitchen.
\>His left head is wearing a little chefs hat as they work.
\>Edwin's other two heads turn around and tell you to take a seat the dumplings should be ready in a minuet.
\>You pick a chair nearby and sneak a few more glances at his fundoshi again as it struggles to contain Ediwn's own dumplings so to speak.
\>Even with the over-sized white cloth covering as much as it can you can still make out the outline of what must be balls the size of melons.
\>"Dinner is served! I hope your hungry Anon." Edwin seems proud of his work as he presents you your plate.
\>It looks like he has three plates by his chair that he loads up with food.
\>His left and right heads each grab a dumpling and toss it into their mouth whole.
\>Edwin's middle head waits for you to try his cooking as he eagerly awaits your opinion.
 
\>You take a hearty bite yourself and find the taste sublime, it has all the right notes at first as you chew.
\>But then it hits you fast.
\>SPICY
\>What must be mildly spicy for a dragon is still pushing your tolerance for heat as you eat.
\>You try to put on a nice facade but the powerful spice in the meal has you quickly building up a sweat.
\>"So what's the verdict anon?" Edwin asks unsure what to make of your sweaty fidgeting.
 
\>"HOT HOT HOT!" you yell practically breathing fire yourself due to the power of the spice.
\>You try chugging some water but it does little to quench the flames.
\>"Oh my gosh sorry! I forgot human's don't have quite the same tolerance for spice as dragons." Edwin's middle head says as he roots around in the kitchen for something to help.
\>His search is fruitless however as you continue pant and sweat at the dining room table.
\>You barely notice in your spicy daze but you see his three heads argue amongst themselves momentarily but for Edwin nervously approaches you.
\>"Umm I know how to cool you off Anon but it might be a bit of an unorthodox method. " Edwin says as he leans down next to you.
\>At this point you just need relief so you gasp out that you will try anything.
 
\>Only a second later Edwin lowers his heads next to you, all three of them blushing heavily before the left head goes in and gives you a deep kiss.
\>As startling as the sudden makeout session is you instantly feels some relief wash over you as his long tongue dances over yours.
\>You begin to calm down as the heat subsides.
\>Just before you start to get into the kiss in earnest yourself he pulls back.
\>You can't help but notice a bit of jealousy in his other two heads before Edwin speaks.
\>"Sorry Anon it was the only thing I could think of that would work." He's blushing again.
 
\>The kiss left you hungry for more though and you thought of a slick way to get it.
\>"Hey Edwin I think I still feel some heat." You try to act convincing but your not sure it's entirely believable.
\>Before he can get out anything but a nervous mumble you slip your tongue into his middle head's mouth.
\>Your tongues dancing again and this time you get to fully enjoy the warmth of the action.
\>Not wanting to leave his right head hanging though you break away one more time and pull him in for one more kiss.
\>Your tongue wrestles with his much larger and thinner one for another minute before letting him go.
 
\>After that extra spicy dinner things calm down a bit.
\>That doesn't stop you from trying to sneak peeks at his crotch every time he adjusts his fundoshi.
\>Later when the two of you are watching a comedy movie together you can't help but cuddle up close to the big guy.
\>The movie is pretty funny and it's interesting to see that each of his heads seems to have a preference for different kinds of jokes.
\>But after you convince him to have a few shots of fireball whiskey with you to loosen up your mind keeps drifting to lewder places.
\>You casually take off your own shirt and pants to make things easier.
\>Making sure to tell him that you're just doing that because it's hot in the house and he's not wearing anything else himself.
 
\>Edwin might be having a similar problem as he starts having to shuffle his fundoshi around to try to hide his growing bulge more and more often.
\>Each time he does this your hit with a potent wave of masculine musk.
\>It's not long before your sporting your own leaky bulge next to Edwin.
\>Now at least one of his heads seems to be oogling you at any given time when the others watch the movie.
\>Your own musk might have gotten his motor running as his more sensitive noses could more easily pick it up.
\>The horny feedback loop the two of yourself have gotten into can only lead to lewder activities.
\>You start waiting until you know Edwin's watching before groping your own bulge while you keep up the facade that your watching the movie.
\>You know all three of his head's saw that one.
\>Taking a look over to see how he's doing you catch a few seconds of what must be over a foot of hard cock stretching out his underwear.
\>You let out a soft moan at the sight as your own decent bulge lets out a gout of pre as the tent your sporting darkens.

\>It was quickly becoming too much for you.
\>You didn't merely want to explore Edwin more, you NEEDED to at this point.
\>The chubby hydra had angled himself to try to cover up his bulge with his scaled stomach.
\>As big as he was you could still make out the fundoshi he was wearing with a growing dark spot.
\>It was clear he was too nervous to make the first move so the burden would fall to you.
\>"Hey Edwin, I think I could use a movie snack."  You ask innocuously to the fidgeting hydra.
\>"Oh umm... yeah of course let me go to the kitchen and ill find something."  Edwin said carefully shuffling out of the couch while trying to cover up his crotch with his hands.

\>As soon as Edwin stood up on his claws and started to walk by you, you jumped up and blocked his path.
\>The chubby hydra yielding to you instantly as you hugged his paunch for a moment.
\>"Uh A-anon what are you doing?"
\>As you slowly slide down to your knees you make sure to line the path with hisses as your face nears his covered crotch.
\>"I was thinking that maybe you're hiding an even better snack right here Edwin."  You say as you grab on to the fabric of his fundoshi.
\>All three of his heads pipe up in a nervous voice as he realizes what your going to do.
\>"Anon!  Wait there's something else we should tell you!"

\>You don't give him the chance, with a ceremonious yank you drag his cloth off and expose his manhood.
\>You're in for a big surprise however as your lust drunk brain takes in the sight of his pulsing draconian slit.
\>It oozes clear pre as it pumps softly, his musky slit hiding the real prize within.
\>The scales surrounding his slit are already heavily coated in his pre-cum from all of your earlier teasing.
\>It's even run down and thoroughly covered his massive balls in a sheen of lust.
\>"That's your secret Ediwn?  That you have a damn cute slit?"  You say playfully mocking the hydra's nervousness.
\>"A-anon t-thats not..." His heads start to nervously stammer out before you silence them again with another move.
\>You greedily stuff your face into the source of room's musk, your mouth and lips are greeted with another gush of pre as soon as they make contact with his warm scales.
\>Edwin tenses up as your tongue starts to work around his slit, circling his entrance before pushing in to penetrate deeper.
\>The hydra is still trying to hold himself back even with your latest act.
\>His claws scratching into the ground as he tries to stabilize himself and keep calm.
\>It doesn't take too long however to have each of Edwin's side heads panting breathes of hot air our as they lazily swing about in joy.
\>His middle head barely has enough time to eek out one last warning. "I guess you'll find out soon."
\>Before you can even register what he might mean your tongue dives deeper than before and strikes gold.

\>As soon as your tongue runs over the tell tale sign of Edwin's cockhead the hydra lets out a deep moan from each of his heads.
\>Your tongue quickly feels the cock it had teased start to emerge as it pushed its way out of Edwin's tight slit.
\>Enjoying the moment as your tongue playfully pushes back before yielding to the stronger force.
\>You press your face even closer to his slit, your entire world becoming Edwin's groin as your face is coated in his essence.
\>The emerging cock starting to poke its way out and into the world.
\>At least it would be if your mouth wasn't there ready to swallow it.
\>With your face pressed against him you merely sit and remain stationary as his cock enters your mouth as it keeps extending.
\>Everything was going according to plan.
\>Until you realized exactly what Edwin was trying to tell you earlier.
\>Your face was quickly flanked on each side by a dual sensation.
\>Two warm and slick hydra cocks pressing against each of your cheeks as they emerged seeking your company along side the manhood in your mouth.