#SCP-64501: The Dreaming Boy

**Item#**: SCP-64501

**Object Class**: ~~Safe~~ Euclid

**REV 2**

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-64501 is to be kept in a 5 meter squared steel containment cell. The containment cell is to be elevated by electromagnets at least 2 meters above the ground. The area containing SCP-64501’s containment cell is to have no doors accessing it and to be monitored 24 hours a day via security cameras. The walls surrounding SCP-64501’s containment cell are to be checked daily for cracks in its concrete. In the event of SCP-64501-1 manifesting, all rooms surrounding SCP-64501’s containment chambers are to be evacuated and locked down and are not to be reopened until SCP-64501-1 no longer appears on security camera footage. In the event of a staff member being affected by SCP-64501-1 they are to be terminated.

**Description:** SCP-64501 is a 1.62 meter tall humanoid lacking in any pigment and wearing a black tank top, white shorts with black stripes and black socks going up to its knees. These clothes are attached to SCP-64501’s body and cannot be removed.SCP-64501 claims to be a 12 year old boy and responds to the name “OMORI.” SCP-64501 does not perceive its surroundings as they are, while these alterations vary, commonalities include: perceiving the color of surroundings as more vivid, humans appearing more animal-like and others being in a heightened emotional state. Enclosed spaces upon prolonged exposure to SCP-64501 will match its perception of the room; this effect can be reversed by exposing the enclosed space to a space larger than it for 3 minutes. SCP-64501 can also affect the geometry of the space affected by it, the most common example being its containment cell becoming an endless white room in which subjects moving in one direction will end up at the opposite. SCP-64501 also has access to a dimension which is accessed by most commonly a black door which has manifested in SCP-64501’s containment cell.SCP-64501 will also manifest other entities which can be interacted with, however they are unable to leave the enclose space affected by SCP-64501 and will dissipate once the enclose space has been opened and exposed to a larger one.Those who enter the enclosed area affected by SCP-64501 will begin to change to match its perception with it increasing based on time exposed. This effect can be broken into four stages: 
    
1.Hue Shiftment. 15 Minutes of Exposure: Hue of subject’s skin, hair and clothing will change, reversible by removing subject from the affected area.


2.Mood Change. 30 Minutes of Exposure. Subject’s emotion state will change, usually this emotion state will be intense and subjects who appear violent and aggressive are to be removed from SCP-64501 immediately and barred from reentry. This effect is reversible by removing the subject from the affected area.


3.Personality and Memory Change. 1 Hour Exposure. Subjects will now lose their personalities and memories with them being replaced by ones created by SCP-64501 to match its perception. This effect is not reversible and subjects who have reached this stage are either to remain in the affected area until stage 4 or taken and placed into special holdings.

4.Psychical Appearance Change. 2 Hour Exposure. Subjects will have their physical appearance changed, this will take minutes to complete once this stage has been reached.  At this stage it is impossible to remove the subject from the space as attempting to remove the subject from the affected area will cause them to dissipate with the same effect being observed when reversing SCP-64501’s effect on the enclosed space. Later testing has shown that the subject may appear later however, has been incorporated into SCP-64501’s manifestations.

SCP-64501 was discovered on 6-13-2007 in Faraway Town, California, USA after locals reported sighting it and reported it to the police. Police,upon a failed background check, sent SCP-64501 to a local orphanage who, upon a psychiatric evaluation, sent it to St.Dismas Psychiatric Hospital where it was diagnosed with Schizophrenia. SCP-64501 was reported to the foundation on 6-24-2007 when staff members reported sighting four adolescents, all of which had a light blue skin tone. The foundation was then informed of SCP-64501 by the director of the hospital, SCP-64501 was detained and brought to site █ with all staff members who had witnessed SCP-64501 given Class A amnesics.

**Addendum SCP-64501-1:** SCP-64501-1 is a formless entity which, upon manifesting, will engulf the entire room in darkness with only a levitating set of human teeth, human eyes and an unknown and changing amount of detached hands and arms being visible. SCP-64501-1 will rapidly spread from SCP-64501’s affected area being able to spread through gaps that SCP-64501’s effect normally cannot (See Addendum SCP-64501-A). Those exposed to SCP-64501-1 will enter a comatose state from which it is impossible to be awakened from. SCP-64501-1 will automatically dissipate after an unknown amount of time. SCP-64501-1 is not visible to SCP-64501 and is unable to affect it.

**Addendum SCP-64501-A:** Dr.Johnston entered the research station outside of SCP-64501’s containment cell on 3-25-2009 at 15:10:12 for a routine check of the cell along with a short interview with SCP-64501. Dr.Johnston noted no irregularities with the containment cell nor any with SCP-64501’s effects or demeanor. SCP-64501    was obedient with questions and answered accordingly until Dr.Johnston seemingly saw SCP-64501-1 begin to manifest within the containment cell, when asked, SCP-64501 did not acknowledge SCP-64501-1’s presence. Then at approximately 15:25:36 SCP-64501-1 engulfed the entirety of the research station with security officers calling a lock down of the entire sector. An MTF squadron arrived at the research station and upon opening the research station door, SCP-64501-1 then engulfed the room. At 15:58:12 SCP-64501-1 no longer appeared on security cameras and the lock down was lifted. All staff members found in areas affected by SCP-64501-1 were discovered in a comatose state and brought to the site ward. Staff remained in the comatose state for two months before being terminated at the discretion of the site director.

**REVISION 1 OF SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:**
SCP-64501 is to be contained within a 3 meter square containment cell fitted with a glass observation window. SCP-64501 must have its containment cell checked every month to assure that it is effective in containing SCP-64501’s primary effect. Staff are allowed to enter SCP-64501’s chamber with level 2 clearance and are not allowed to remain within for more than 30 minutes. Any staff who has shown aggression upon exposure to SCP-64501 are barred from entry to its chambers. Staff are free to converse with SCP-64501 with level 2 clearance however, all conversations with SCP-64501 are to be recorded and sent to the site director for screening.
