#Dorm life

   “So you want some tea, coffee or I think we got some hot cocoa left from the Christmas Party?” Hero asked, moving around the cabinet looking for things to use the kettle with.  Anon was lying on their couch, shoulders crossed and tapping his fingering on his forearm. “Hmmm I’d love some tea,” Hero nodded, “but wanna know something I’d love even more?” Hero paused, putting the tea bag in to look at anon, “hmmm?” Anon grew a small smile knowing he fell for it again “you!” Hero’s face turned red, turning back to the kettle and tea, Anon giggling a little. A knocking was heard from the door, anon getting up leaving Hero to his flustered tea making. It was the RA, luckily coming at a good time, “S’up?” The RA handed a piece of paper with large bold text at the top reading “HEATER OUT TONIGHT!” “Yeah.. just got a call from the RD, the heater’s gonna be out tonight so remember to bundle up tonight, we got extra blankets if you two need them.” Anon was surprised before blushing as he realized what they could do in the cold. “I-I think we’ll be fine,” Anon tried to keep himself from looking at Hero. “Alright, just text me if you guys need some,” Anon gave a thumbs up and the RA left them alone once again.

   Anon strutted to Hero hugging him from behind wrapping one arm around his neck and one around his stomach.  Anon stretched up to kiss Hero on his cheek “looks like the heater is gonna go out tonight,” Hero tried to focus on the tea, hiding how much he was enjoying Anon holding him like that. Anon went back to the couch, Hero sitting next to him and handing the tea. Anon placed his head on Hero’s shoulder “Y’know I’m feeling a little cold right now actually,” Anon grew a grin, “you’re not getting me this time.” Anon rubbed his head against his shoulder “alright, but when I actually get cold you better believe me,” “I will,” Hero kissed Anon’s forehead, rubbing the side of his head.

   It was getting late and the lack of heater was really setting in for both of them along with the lack of blankets. Anon, beginning to shake, remembered the RA’s message; however it was overpowered by another message he got at that moment. Hero got up from his bed, “I’m gonna take up the RA’s offer on the blankets.” Anon snapped out of his chills and tiredness “I think I have a better idea.” Anon lifted arm to open his bed up to Hero, him blushing as he put together Anon’s offer.Hero layed next to Anon, pulling him in for a hug as he lowered the blanket. Anon felt Hero’s warm body pressed against his, the pressure of his hug feeling so safe and comforting. Hero’s chest smelt like baked goods, despite not going to the communal cooking area in a few days.Hero began to stroke Anon’s head, almost luling him to sleep. Anon felt Hero’s breath start to slow and match his as they both started to fall asleep, ear close to his chest Anon started to feel their heartbeats in sync. Both rested their eyes, feeling warm, and comfortable in each other’s arms:better than any blanket.