#Beach Side Rescue

Hero watched the beach from his watch tower,calm but observant like he should be. Hero was sweaty from the summer heat, his abs and chest glistening in the sun. Hero had decided to push the dresscode by wearing a speedo that was a little too tight for him, causing his bulge to be visible to all.Hero kept to the rest of the dress code, shades, whistle even had the trademark extra sunscreen on his nose. Y/N swam in the ocean loving the feeling of the cool water contrasting with the warm sun. Everything was calm on the beach until Y/N heard a wave come for a split second before being engulfed by the wave and pulled to the water beneath him. Y/N felt the ocean around him, his vision blurry trying to push himself above the waves but no evail. Hero, ever vigilite, saw Y/N go under with the wave and sprang into action blowing his whistle and heading straight to the water. Y/N felt the need to breathe more and more, but knew what breathing in now would mean. He decided now to let go, not breathe in but rather let go and hope for the best while not letting the water gain his lungs. Hero had already dove into the water swimming and searched for the one who sank into the water, frantically looking from point to point before his eyes met with Y/N sinking, eyes closed and not moving an inch.Hero grabbed onto Y/N and pulled him towards the beach. Hero carried Y/N, like a prince with his princess, to the shore, bringing him down gently onto the sand. Hero got on his knees to the side of Y/N and went down to perform CPR. Y/N awoke to feel his lips being pressed against and the breath of life filling his lungs. Hero pulled back and saw his eyes still closed then once again pressing his lips against Y/N’s filling him with air. Y/N’s eyes opened to see Hero’s face right above his, lips pressed against his again. Hero pulled back to see him awake, growing a relieved grin. Y/N started to blush seeing this hunk of a man over him, looking away only to lock eyes with his wet abs and chest. Y/N looked down to see his speedo, his cock outlined with his balls almost bulging out the sides. His blush got worse as he felt his chest flare up at the site of Hero’s beautiful pecs, abs and his so close yet so far nether region. You feel your dick harden a little, “alright I’ll need to get you back to the staff room to check up on you and make sure you’re doing alright” Hero said looking straight into your eyes Y/N’s eye dashing to the side in response. “Can you walk?” he felt that his legs were fine, but the prospect of being carried by Hero… “N-no” “alright then,” Hero put his arms below his body lifting him up like he did before. 
    Hero carried Y/N all the way back to the staff room near the lockers, Y/N avoiding eye contact, blushing and resisting the urge to kiss him the entire time. Hero somehow didn’t notice his half chub the entire time as he opened the door and put him down on a bench. “Alright I’m gonna need you to breathe in deep for me ok?” Hero put his hand and Y/N’s stomach, feeling his warm hand against his cold stomach. That wonderful feeling and knowing that you’re this close to Hero only made you harder. Hero told you to breathe out, looking at your chest before taking a glance below your waist and seeing something peeking through his swim trunks. Hero began to blush, “w-well it’s probably a good idea to get you into some dry clothes,” Hero said with a wavy grin. Hero grabbed the waist of Y/N’s swim trunks pulling them down with his cock popping up. Hero stared at it for a little before looking back to make sure he locked the door behind him before looking at Y/N. Hero let out a small chuckle “you know I was kind of hoping someone would be like this..” Hero said, beginning to rub his crotch before climbing on top of Y/N ass in his face. Y/N could see Hero’s cock much clearer with his speedo being damp, it was already getting hard. Hero began to move his hand up and down Y/N’s cock twisting his wet hand around, almost working like a lube. Y/N’s began to pick up feeling Hero’s hand on his dick and staring down his perfect ass and ever hardening cock. Y/N felt his mouth water staring at his cock through his speedo, imagining it in his mouth and everything that would come with it. He couldn’t take it anymore and pulled Hero’s speedo to the side revealing his cock, getting hard off finally being free, and his balls. His cock was a beautiful tan, about eight inches and decently thick; without a second though he began to run his tongue around his head. Hero stopped his hand, “oh, so you want to move to that already?’ He said with a smug tone, looking back at Y/N painting the tip of Hero’s dick with his tongue. Hero went straight to sucking Y/N’s tip, making him pause his licking to moan. Not wanting to be beaten, Y/N began to suck on Hero’s tip as well. Both had the taste of the rough texture and salty taste of each other’s tips , whether it was due to the skin or the water neither knew nor cared. Both pushed it further, putting each other’s dick deeper in each other’s mouths both wanting a better taste. Hero began rolling his tongue around Y/N’s shaft, his tip feeling the back of his tongue. Both wanted to moan but couldn’t with eachother’s member in their mouths, only feeling the breaths from their nose on their balls. Hero began to speed up with Y/N using his hands to move Hero’s hip up and down, thrusting his dick deeper into his throat. Before long he didn’t need to move his hand as Hero began to thrust on instinct, feeling Y/N’s warm mouth around his cock.  Feeling Hero’s dick begin to fuck his throat did hurt a little, but he would take it for him. They both knew it was coming as both began to thrust and feeling their hot cum start to move up their dicks. Their thrusts became quicker and harder, beginning to hit the backs of each other's throats, before both tried to let out a moan with a mouth full of cock before their cum filled the other’s mouth. Hero was the first to pull out, making sure to swallow every last drop of cum that entered his mouth. Y/N then successfully swallowed all of Hero’s man milk before letting Hero’s dick leave his mouth flopping on his process and Hero began to lie on top of him. Both of them panted, feeling the other’s warm body on there’s, their sweat intermixing.  Y/N stared now at Hero’s ass realizing he never got anything with it before proceeding to burying his face deep in between his cheeks. Hero jolted a little “oh you want a piece of that as your dessert huh?” Hero said trying to regain his confidence after just 69ing with some guy he just met. “Maybe as something to end this on I could maybe uhh… sit on your face?” Y/N began to blush again before rabidly nodding his head. Hero giggled before pulling himself up and sitting on Y/N’s face. Y/N felt his entire face being engulfed by Hero’s warm ass, smelling a mixture of his sweat and the sea water; he was in heaven feeling a hunk of man’s ass all over his face. Hero saw him already start to get hard again, contemplating what to do next with this ever hardening penis in his presence. “Hero how’s the CPR goin-” the head of the life guards walked in on the guy who was on duty, nude and sitting on the guy he was just giving CPR to.