Gruash was tired of being nervous, his long awaited assignment from C-Sec was today.  He had studied up extensively on the Citadel’s laws and C-Sec standard operating procedure but he lacked experience in such an official role.  Fear would continue to run through his scales until he knew who would be his partner and where jurisdiction would be.  Hopefully that would be changing soon.  A bright flashing memo on his omnitool this morning told him had been called up to the commanding officers office.  Gruash didn’t know what to expect, a one on one meeting with the CO would be tense even if it was just about his assignment.  Krogan C-sec officers were a rare sight, it was likely that every part of him would be scrutinized from top to bottom.

With how long it was taking to get to the destination he couldn't help but adjust his new C-Sec uniform to give his sizable package a little more room to breathe.  As the Krogan rode the conspicuously slow elevator Gruash thought back of what led him all the way to the Citadel in the first place.  He was smaller in stature than most Krogan’s, his unusual coloring of scales being dark blue with dim tan skin also making him stand out more.  The perfect mixture to make his early life on Tachanka hell.  A steady stream of bullying and ostracism for his perceived weakness soured Gruash’s feelings of the culture that permeates his clan on Krogan homeworld.  Rather than break him the tough reality of life there only strengthened his resolve to train, educate, and work until he could leave the planet behind. 

A soft ding and the sliding doors opening snapped Gruash out of his daydreaming as he stepped out of the elevator to meet his fate.  The office he entered was far more lavish than even a Clan leader’s chambers back on Tachanka.  C-Sec banners adorning the walls and the glass cases full of awards and medals for service flanked the Krogan as he entered.  A single solitary desk in the center of the room where a slender light brown plated turian sat awaiting his entrance.  Gruash could not help but feel exposed as the turian merely watched and analysed his every move as he approached the desk.  

“Cadet Gruash reporting for initiation procedures and assignment sir.”  The krogan recited with an over rehearsed tone as he gave the CO a salute.  

The cold blue eyes behind the desk seemed to continue fluttering up and down his form for a moment longer before the turian responded.  

“My my… a Krogan reciting the proper answer with precisely the correct form, aren't you an interesting one.”  Still seated the Turian continued.  

“I’ve read your file of course... not that there is much there seeing as Tachanka doesn’t always have the most complete records.  Tell me about your past positions, I want to make sure i’ve picked the right partner for you.”  Gruash’s CO’s dull tone matching that of someone merely appraising the value on a new rifle.

Gruash froze up for a moment staring in awe at the vast amount of medals and pins on the CO’s elegant shirt.  “I worked general clan security stationed at the varren pits sir.” 

The krogan wincing as he admitted his previous role but he knew better than lie to this turian.  
“I was already informed of your lack of extensive combat experience.  However your C-Sec entry tests do not lie you have clearly studied proper protocol.”  Gruash’s CO stated bluntly.  “You should be proud Gruash, not many krogans have test scores and aptitude ranks in the top percentile.  Even beating out several promising academy graduates.”  The turian stood up and slowly started walking around Gruash eyes scanning him for any sign of doubt or weakness not mentioned in the dossier.  

“My precinct here however needs those of strong will and truly understand the need to help others.  The main reason I chose you is because you seem to believe this code too seeing as you traveled far for the opportunity.”  The lithe turian trying to spot any scent of fear or hesitation that still might linger in his new recruit.  “So why don’t you help convince me I made the right choice, I know enough about Tachanka for instance to know that your previous role is fulfilled by a single guard.  What I don’t know is what kind of stress you have encountered before and how you dealt with your own.  Speak freely cadet I understand Tachanka has a different culture than ours here, I am only interested in the facts surrounding your past.”

Gruash could only watch in surprise as the Tachanka equivalent of a clan leader asked such a blunt question.  It was something he could appreciate, that his commander could be such an elegant and composed man but didn’t shy away from asking direct questions.  “Guarding the varren pits is not a prestigious position in clan Rekni.  Those of us who did not hold more venerated roles in battle were considered weak, and being seen as weak left you vulnerable to Krogan’s who saw fit to use you as they please.”  The commander’s face betrayed no emotion as he watched Gruash recount his life on Tuchanka as the krogan continued with a hint of anger at his past clan.  “Being a lone guard left me with little choice but to take it as pent up warriors returned from battle.  They saw me as little more than a pit stop on their way back to the barracks as I was forced to take their cocks.  Only caring for their own pleasure I would be used and roughed up as little more than an object for their release.  Often outnumbered by them many of my days ended with my ass leaking their essence all the way back home.”

The turian interjected to let Gruash that he heard what he needed.  “I was aware of certain differences in culture between the citadel and Tachanka but you have my condolences for how barbaric your old clan appears to be.  But please cadet I also need to know how you… released your own stress that would have resulted from this treatment.”  The turian’s eyes glinting as his focus sharpened.

Gruash felt the intensity and intent behind his CO’s question as he responded.  “My life and treatment in the clan is what led me to want to leave and work in a more honorable role.  It gave me the drive to study and work to better myself so I could oneday reach where I stand today.  But to answer your question fully commander, there were some perks to the position I worked.  The varren were always tight and ready for a good pounding, plus they never once complained anyways.  Most of them enjoyed it after a while, the smooth scales of their asses would glisten with my sweat and cum after a long day.  They were such an easy option to relax I had a hard time going very long without breaking in the stock that I guarded from thieves.”

The normally steely gaze of the commander broke as a slight grin crossed his face.  “No shame in that cadet, keeping yourself focused and relaxed is a key part of being a good officer.  We are running a little late and your new partner should be here shortly but we do have time for one last thing.  Now strip off your armor and crotch plate and show me that quad cadet!”  The CO said as if issuing an order as simple and common as telling the krogan to stand at attention.  

After a small amount of fumbling with his armor Gruash was able to remove the crotch plate releasing his cock and quad from their sweaty confines.  The CO’s serious demeanor was unflinching as he watched his new cadet strip for him for a more proper inspection.  Gruash stood still as he presented himself bare ass, quad, and cock on display.  As the CO noticed the krogan was clearly a shower cold eyes lingering on the krogans package a little longer than the other muscles up for inspection.

“My assumptions were correct you should make an excellent partner for officer Atrus.” The CO said as he walked back to his desk.  “Also in the future you may address me as Cain when we are alone cadet.”

“Thank you commander, when do I start sir!”  Gruash said with a salute as he struggled to not grow any more erect in front of the commander on his first day.

“As soon as you would like new guy.”  Came a deep voice from behind.  

Gruash turned around to see the voice came from a bulky turian with a knowing smile on his face having watched most of the Cadet’s inspection.  The krogan gave a few weak attempts to put his crotch plate back on but it wasn’t going to happen with over a foot of krogan cock still rock hard.  The sight of such a huge and muscular turian with dark blue skin not exactly helping.

“Forget about that kid, it’s not like I wasn’t going to see it soon anyways.”  The smiling turian gave his own bulging crotch plate a grope before walking over to greet his new partner.

“Names Atrus cadet let’s head out and i’ll show you the ropes newbie and i’m sure Cain here has more important things to take care of.”  He said before guiding the two out of the CO’s office.

 The new cadet followed Atrus down the elevator to the main halls of the C-sec outpost.  The large turian wasn’t used to working with a partner, opting to work solo until recent regulation changes left him obligated to get one.  It didn’t bother him though, he wasn’t about to start changing the way he worked much to compensate.  It was his beat after all, and no one he knew on the street would expect anything different.  “Ok Gruash time to show you around the office here.  Not that I like to spend too much time here if I can help it.” Atrus flashed a quick grin as he continued talking.  “You'll see I prefer a much more hands on approach when it comes to police work.”

Gruash didn’t quite know what to make of Atrus so far.  The krogan keeping pace as the turian showed him how the office was laid out even as he quickly glossed over some of the finer mundane details of casework.  “You’re not a big fan of paperwork I take it then Atrus.”  Gruash asked as Atrus brushed by his cluttered desk.  “Paperwork and case filings just get in the way of the real work we do.”  The turian spoke as he viewed the thick stack of notices on his desk, his mandibles chittering in annoyance.  “Any time wasted on things like that means less time out helping the locals that depend on us.  We could be out there stopping rapes, mugging, or even worse crimes.  Or would you rather be stuck here filing some paperwork.”  Atrus voiced his complaints about this part of the job with no small hint of contempt.

Gruash could feel the sincerity behind Atrus’ words.  The turian seemed to really have the best interests of the people of the Citadel in mind.  “There wasn’t any paperwork to deal with in clan Rekni either…”  The krogan started speaking about his old home with disgust.  “There was also no justice.  Just the belief that the strong should be able to do what they want.  Maybe if my old planet had more men like you things would be better.”  

Gruash was no stranger to the harsh reality of might equals right back on Tuchanka.  Having been smaller than his peers he was routinely a target for rape and other sexual stress relief from the stronger krogan.  With no laws to stop them in the clan Gruash could do nothing but take it each time.  “I was right to leave, here with you maybe I can make a difference for those who can’t defend themselves.”


Atrus was surprised at the sudden intensity to Gruash’s tone, but he was pleased there was some fire and fight inside his new partner.  “Damn rookie I can respect that feeling, and you must be pretty smart if you share my opinion on paperwork here.  Come on let me show you the rest of the place so we can get out of here.”  Atrus turned to head to the last stop on the tour, the lockers.

The two of them walking around the office garnered more than a few glances.  The sight of a rare krogan on C-Sec new and exotic.  Most joined one of the merc bands for the promise of higher pay, riskier jobs, and less rules.  Finally arriving at their destination as they stepped past the door revealing a spartan row of named lockers with the open communal showers connected nearby.

“Well this is it cadet, your locker is over there next to mine and the showers can get plenty hot.  Oh and if you need to bust a nut from that big quad of yours before work most other officers have a quick jerk or more in here before work.  So hopefully your fine with an audience, i’m sure the new exotic meat you’re packing will draw even more reactions than that big hump of yours.”  Atrus told Gruash as he laughed at his own joke.

Before the krogan could respond the doors to the locker room burst open as the a heavily armed group of rowdy C-Sec SWAT team members marched in.  Atrus was about to start leading Gruash out when he stopped as the last SWAT member through recognized Atrus.

“Hey long time no see Atrus!  You and me still gotta have an arm wrestling rematch one of these days.”  The SWAT team leader said approaching the pair, the only turian on the force that's bulkier than Atrus.  Dark colored plates ran across his body as he took his chest armor off exposing his massive shelf of pecs and biceps.

“You bet your ass Milo, but some other time i’m showing the new guy around.  I take it the mission went well though based on your boys in here.”  Atrus replied pointing at the happy crowd stripping down for the shower before them.  A smaller turian with similar coloring to Milo watching the big turian strip with interest as he showed off his own already nude rump.

Milo craned his neck side to side, grunting softly as he gave himself a little stretch before he began to remove his armor. "Of course, you know I run a tight ship with my squad." He said to the other turian. The clasps of his heavy armor made echoing clicks as he undid each one in turn. His gaze turned to Gruash then, giving a bemused flick over the krogan who was seeming increasingly overdressed as the SWAT team got naked. "Damn Atrus, you should have told me you got the krogan as your partner. It's rare as hell to see one join C-Sec, what's your name cadet?"

"Ah..." Gruash momentarily forgot the question as Milo pulled off his undersuit shirt, exposing a very powerfully built chest, certainly a more beefy build than Atrus. To a krogan especially it was very handsome. "Gruash sir." He continued quickly.

"You don't gotta call me sir cadet, I'm not your CO and I'm not your partner." He was interrupted briefly as another figure walked straight between the two of them. A smaller turian with brown plates who looked remarkably similar to Milo, walking slowly and shimmying off his pants as he did. The smaller male put one foot up on a bench to begin removing his combat boots, wiggling his taut rump a little back towards Milo.

"Though I do appreciate the respect." He said, popping his belt buckle to let his pants fall away, revealing toned and muscled legs as well as a very sizable erection. Well endowed even for his powerful build and dripping steadily with musky lubricant. "There's a few others who might learn from that." He said dryly, his eyes resting on the smaller turian for a moment before pointedly looking away, mandibles quirking with the ghost of a smile.

Things were starting to heat up in the locker room fast as other pairs of swat members finished getting out of their armor.  Several already grouping up in pairs or trios groping each other like it was just another drill they practised each day.  The smaller turian who had been trying to entice Milo began to strut over to the group his every motion dripping with intent as sweat from the day rolled down his nude form.  “I see your older brother is still doing well.”  Said Atrus as the smaller turian acknowledged him with a wink before moving up behind Milo and softly kissing his neck.

“I couldn't get rid of him if I wanted too.  So are you gonna take your new partner out and show him your usual patrol route?”  Milo asked showing more interest in the conversation than gentle gropes and kisses of his brother.   Without breaking eye contact with Atrus he reached back and gave his older brothers head a gentle push to move his kisses lower.

“Yeah I thought I would show him around my part of the wards first.  Maybe show him just how much the people love me down there.”  Said Atrus with a sarcastic laugh.

Milo’s brother had quickly got the hint and slid down to his knees as he peppered Milo’s back with kisses.  Eventually reaching the muscular ass of the SWAT leader as his tongue slowly began circling the hole in front of him.   Gruash just watched silently as his own erection grew cramped in his suit.  His partner and Milo continuing to make small chat over the sexual energy that grew in the lockers around them and the turian beneath them.

“Don’t be so full of yourself Atrus, you’re responsible for thousands of citizens on your patrol.  Just because a handful of em want your dick doesn’t mean you’re employee of the month here.”  Milo snarked back to Atrus before reaching his hand back and pressing his brothers face as deep it would go.

The smaller turian let out a muffled moan as his tongue parted Milo’s ass and started eating his brother out proper.  “Don’t make me remind you that you still owe me some drinks.”  Atrus replied as Milo’s cock shot a gush of pre thanks to his brothers skills.

“Well i’ll let the two of you continue on.  Make sure you give our new cadet a proper welcome later Atrus.”  Milo said between moans as he reluctantly pulled his older brothers face out of his ass.

“Try not to have too much fun without me Milo.  I’ll let you know how today goes in the shower tomorrow morning.”  Atrus replied in goodbye with a knowing grin.

The two turians turned and sauntered towards the showers, their cocks leaking in built up arousal, leaving a trail of liquid musk on the tiles.  Milo giving his brother a loud slap on the ass as they walked, his hand remaining as he pawed at the tight cheeks.  Displaying that his muscles aren't just for show Milo’s other arm caressed his brothers taint before effortlessly lifting him up and pressing their mouths into a heated kiss.

Once Milo and his brothers mandibles withdrew from each other they each let out the same horny shallow huffs of warm breath.  Both of them ready and eager for what would come next.  Carrying his brother over to the showers Milo slammed him into the wall in rush.  The hard plates of the smaller turian clacking against the tiles as the two of them embraced their need.  Steam pouring around them from the running showers Milo craned his neck to kiss and nibble at his brothers neck, repaying the teasing he endured earlier.  His older brother gasping at the sensation, his taloned feet just barely reaching the floor to scratch the tile as he arched his back in a pleasured croon.  Milo’s hips grinding his dripping cock across his brothers cheeks, moving across the twitching hole that desperately wanted him.  Once he thought his brother had suffered enough and unable to hold out himself Milo gave another push as he smoothly entered and swiftly buried himself.  Each squirm and gasp only adding to his pleasure as his brother lost himself to the fullness that he had been craving.

The rest of the SWAT team already well into their own shower activities.  Gruash and Atrus left the locker room as the soft wet pounding noises and moans grew louder and the scents of sex became overpowering.  

Gruash’s cock was quickly starting to make walking difficult, whis oversized quad already taking up most of his suit’s space with each inch of cock that spilled out down his pants it only got harder to hide.  With a limp in his gait and an obvious bulge Gruash kept trying to adjust himself but only fed into the pleasure as his hands jostled his cock around beneath his sweaty suit.  Giving up the krogan turned to his partner to try to distract himself from the now obvious issue beneath his waist.  “Your warriors here seem to treat sex as far more of a bond between brothers than my old clan.”

“Is that a dig at Milo and his brother?  So it’s ok to fuck varren all you want on Tuchanka but you can’t have a little fun in the family.”  Atrus said giving Gruash’s shoulder a playful punch.

The krogan fighting the blush of embarrassment snapped back.  “That’s not what I meant… It’s just that everyone in C-Sec seems to take care of each other no matter how strong they appear, it’s nice.”