Coffee. Bitter and black. The lifeblood of Site X-32-Beta. It was an open secret that nearly every researcher and even the security were shameless caffeine addicts; with the long hours of work that vacillated between dangerous and drudging, the lack of a true ‘day’ or ‘night’, and the constant threat—from both their research and their sponsors at Weyland-Yutani—looming over their heads, it was no wonder that every man on the black-site needed something to get through.

Forrester made his way through the sparse lounge, past the tables full of his fellow researchers to the canisters containing that elixir. As he walked, he could feel the eyes of his fellow scientists following him—their gazes tingled on his sensitive skin like a feather-light touch—and hear the whispers that followed in his wake—his hearing had sharpened to the point where even the lowest-murmured word could be caught. He knew they were talking; about him, about Huan and Jenson, and about them joining Dr. Finney’s secretive pet project. He could hear—see—their reactions to his mussed hair, slightly-flushed face, and the occasional errant, suspicious stain on his clothing. He knew they were asking questions and spreading rumors about what he and his fellow researchers were getting up to with the xenomorph specimen.

And as a pulse of heat throbbed through the twinge that had settled into his brain, he could see their reactions—the flushes spreading on their faces, the shifting in their seats, the occasional pair of slacks tented with sudden, inexplicable arousal—at the rising scent that wafted off his body. 

He bit his lip. Did the scientist standing next to him, filling a Styrofoam cup up with coffee, catch the slight groan in his throat? He heard murmuring from behind him as he gathered up some cups of his own—four, one for him and each of his colleagues—and filled them one by one. Ignoring the staring. Ignoring the twinge in his mind. Ignoring the throbbing in his crotch and the dull, humid, insistent itch between his asscheeks. Ever since he’d drunk the concoction Dr. Finney had put together—a mixture of xenomorph semen and the cum of the human researchers—he’d been feeling it. The need. The desire. The want to have a thick, dribbling cock pushed into his hole to breed him; fill him with seed, with eggs, with new members of hive.

He shook those thoughts away, face burning as he gathered up the coffee cups on a tray and quickly rushed out of the room.

Down the winding, twisting hallways. Through the security door while ignoring the staring and murmuring of the guards there as well. Into the wing of the black-site that had been given to Dr. Finney and his team to perform their experimentation, and had slowly become their combination living area and research laboratory; their hive. He followed the sensations flowing through his pulsing, throbbing mind—wet heat and tightness and being filled with firm, twitching, writhing flesh again and again—into one of the rooms off the hall, and found their source. 

Huan was bent over a table, printouts and reports scattered under his bare, bucking body. The specimen, the xenomorph, the creature that they had been tasked with studying, had draped itself over the researcher’s back as it slammed its chitinous hips into the human’s ass. Behind the hissing alien stood Dr. Finney himself, his hand buried in the slick, dribbling orifice under the xenomorph’s tail to the wrist; Forrester could feel the researcher’s hand opening and closing, stretching the inner walls of the creature’s hole through the twinge in his mind. The air in the room was heavy and thick with the humidity and reek of sex—breeding—and Forrester almost dropped the tray of coffee cups in his grip as it washed over him.

“Ah, Forrester. You’re back.” 

The voice belonged to Jenson, who in a chair nearby observing Huan being fucked by the specimen; Jenson was just as naked as the others in the room, and his thick, hairy erection throbbed on the salt-and-pepper treasure trail coating his belly even as he typed observations his into the tablet in his hands.

“Hm? Oh, there you are.” Dr. Finney pulled his hand free of the xenomorph’s hole—to the creature’s hissing and purring—and flicked a few goblets of thick, grayish slime off his fingers before making his way over to the younger researcher. He took the tray from Forrester, set it aside, and then lifted his stained, smut-coated hand to the other man’s face while using his other to tug Forrester’s coat off. Forrester immediately took the proffered fingers into his mouth, suckling on them one by one as his own hands immediately dropped to work the fly of his pants open. The younger researcher groaned at the taste, acrid-sweet and oddly rubbery, as he licked the head researcher’s fingers clean. “Did the others notice your scent?” 

Forrester grunted, reluctantly latching off his superior’s fingers as they were pulled back to let Dr. Finney pull the younger man’s shirt off. “I think so. They were talking about me at least, and, well.” He reached out with his mind to that twinge—the connection between him and his hive-mates—and pushed the images from the break room through it to Dr. Finney. The stares. The murmuring. The flushed faces and the tents in the other scientists’ slacks. And as his own tent was opened and his cock freed, Forrester felt Dr. Finney push a few images back through the connection in return. The men rising from their tables to free their eager, needy erections; their breeding tools. Stripping Forrester down and bending him over one of the tables, like Huan was for the specimen. Pushing their shafts into his hole in turn, humping and groaning and filling his back passage with seed until he was bloated with it; until the fullness in his gut turned heavy, firm, and travelled back out of him in the form of clutch after clutch of eggs. 

The younger researcher moaned. His length throbbed and spat a glob of precum onto Finney’s as their lengths brushed and pressed against each other. Was it possible? They had determined that the concoction—the xenomorph’s thick, black, sweet-smelling cum, mixed with their own human semen—had altered them somehow. Their DNA had been changed, even if only the slightest bit, to reflect that of the xenomorph; adapted to allow their breeding to be viable. Would it allow Forrester to take on a similar role in the hive, even with other humans? 

Dr. Finney looked back over to Huan and the xenomorph. The human’s thighs and the side of the table were splattered with his cum, and the man was pressing back against the creature as it hissed and dragged its inner jaw across his nape and pumped him full of its seed. “We’re determining whether pregnancy can occur when the human is the receptive partner now. You and Huan are showing remarkable similarities in your anatomy to Alpha. If this works, then perhaps…” The older researcher trailed off, his eyes shining with the light of a scientist seeing the fruits of his work ripen. Or perhaps it was just madness; it’s not like that was rare among the researchers of the black-sites.  

Forrester, meanwhile, felt the heat in his cheeks—and between his cheeks—grow more intense. It was true, he and Huan had shown a remarkably unique reaction to the concoction: their anuses had become more sensitive, grew hot and slick with lubricating fluids whenever they were aroused, and the scent that wafted from the heated flesh was indeed similar to the aroma of fertility released by the xenomorph. None of them were sure what caused this change, but Forrester at least wasn’t complaining; if it meant that he could feel his hive-mate’s cocks within him and pumping him full of rich, thick, virile seed, then the younger researcher was happy. 

“In fact, it looks like Alpha is finished with Huan.” Indeed, the xenomorph—dubbed Alpha by Finney, as it was the first of the stock they hoped to create—was drawing its erection out of Huan’s stretched, sloppy, overfilled hole with a low, crooning chirr. Thick. Long. Pulsing and throbbing and writhing in search of another hole to squirm into; the xenomorph’s cock was a massive pillar of virile, masculine flesh. Alpha looked over to Finney and Forrester as the head researcher gave the creature a mental nudge. “Why don’t you help clean him up, and then get yourself comfortable so he can breed you, too?” That low, sibilant, husky voice in his ear. The hand cupping and squeezing his flank. The heat in his groin, flowing through their mental connection to throb in his eager erection and settle into the hot flesh of his hole. 

Forrester moaned, feeling a shudder shoot down his spine and into his trembling knees as Alpha approached, hissing and trilling. The human looked up into the xenomorph’s eyeless face, feeling its clawed hand settle atop his head in an almost-human and surprisingly-tender gesture as it let out a soft hiss. It only took a small bit of pressure to push the human down to kneel in front of the creature, his face inches away from the musky, dribbling, twitching length of Alpha’s still-erect shaft. As he breathed in the rich, cloying cocktail of scents, filling his lungs with it, all thought sank into a swimming haze of lust; Forrester’s entire world narrowed down to the chitinous expanse of Alpha’s groin, its leaking genital slit and cock, and the roiling need in his own crotch. 

-----

Sam Finney took a slow, deep sip of the coffee that he’d sent Forrester to fetch, and let out a sigh of self-satisfaction. Things were going well; he could develop the hive with his mate—he could continue his research—without interruption, and was already well on the way to streamlining the production of new xenomorph specimens. The eggs that Alpha laid had been scanned, tested, and proven to be viable; they contained his children, their children, and were ready to hatch into new drones. In fact, the one that wasn’t being kept in a cryotube was sitting on the table next to Jenson, a monitor attached to it that would alert them the moment it began to hatch.    

He looked to Alpha, watching as it slid its tapered cock into Forrester’s mouth and down the younger researcher’s throat. The xenomorph had only thrived since its release from captivity, growing larger and larger as it molted until it had become Queen—perhaps King would be more appropriate, considering its masculine build and presentation—of their fledgling hive. Its musculature expanded under its thickening armor plates. Its spine extended and its limbs lengthened until it stood a good head and shoulders above the humans. Its crest gained more ridges with every molt, growing broad and flat and pronged. And its cock had grown long and thick, and now reeked with hormones and pheromones that could get every one of them aroused with a single, faint whiff.

Sam’s heart fluttered and his own length throbbed as he examined his specimen, his mate, the one with whom he planned to create plenty of offspring; even beyond breeding, he’d grown to enjoy having sex with the xenomorph. Letting it smell and taste his arousal, and then sliding his manhood into its mouth to be engulfed by its inner jaws. Stroking and sucking on the creature’s own erection, and burying his face and tongue and cock into the orifice at the base of its tail. And even if he wasn’t a breeder like Huan or Forrester, Sam still bottomed for Alpha occasionally; the xenomorph had been confused at first, but had grown eager when it felt that Sam’s hole was just as tight as the other humans’. Hearing its hissing and trilling as it slammed deep into him, feeling it clutch onto him with every squeeze of his passage, and finally being filled with the deluge of thick, virile seed it would release into him never failed to get Sam’s heart racing and his cock erupting. 

It would be a shame to have to turn their offspring over to Weyland-Yutani. 

The head researcher frowned at that thought. True, the entire point of this experimentation was to find alternative methods of reproduction for the specimen, and he’d been able to achieve that; in fact, if his theory about Huan’s anatomical alterations held true, he’d be able to pump out far more xenomorphs in a far shorter time span. However, the fact that it was his child—his and Alpha’s child—gestating in the egg sitting so close nearby was enough to cause Sam to pause. To wonder. Perhaps even to worry. 

He shook those thoughts aside. They still didn’t know what the offspring would be like; how malleable, how suggestible, how easy to control. It may be a good idea to keep the first generation at least for observation. At the same time, that twinge in his mind throbbed and spawned more lustful thoughts—whether from his own mind or from Alpha’s he couldn’t tell anymore—about the first generation of drones in their hive. Watching them grow and mature. Smelling their ripening pheromones while exploring every nook and cranny of their bodies with fingers and lips and tongue. Being the first to taste their seed and to plunge into their tender, fertile breeding holes. 

Laying in a comfortable, sweaty tangle of limbs with Alpha, his colleagues, and their children in the center of their have. Breeding and being bred in turn. Cumming and feeling cum splashing on his body. The hissing and moaning and crooning of their pleasure filling their air along with the mingling aromas of their pleasure. 

Again he jerked himself out of his fantasies. A quiet sound had broken through the moaning and hissing from Forrester and Alpha, and had drawn both Huan’s and Jenson’s attention; Huan stood up from rearranging the scattered reports on the desk, while Jenson’s hand froze in the process of idly stroking his length. The three men looked to the source of the sound, the beeping, the alarm that they had been waiting for. The egg on the table shook, trembled, and the ‘petals’ at the top of its curvature began to move. It was hatching.

The lab broke into a flurry of activity. Jenson stood, quickly preparing the tablet in his grip for observation notes. Huan stacked the reports in his hand on the desk, and then rushed over to stand beside Jenson while holding his filled belly. Forrester pulled himself off of Alpha’s cock and moved to stand at attention, ready to follow any directions the senior researchers may give him. Alpha seemed confused at first, both by the loss of a warm, wet mouth around its cock and the sudden pandemonium, but quickly moved to wrap itself around Sam in a tight, firm embrace when it realized what was going on. 

“Careful. We don’t know whether it’s bypassed the facehugger stage yet.” Huan adjusted his skewed glasses and looked to Jenson as if the two men weren’t nude, hard, and smeared with various sexual fluids. “What do the scans say?” 

“Vitals are green.” Jenson tapped on the tablet and hummed in thought. “The sonograms are ambiguous at this point. It’s wrapped around itself too tightly to determine its body structure.” 

“Do we need to get security in case?” 

Jenson snorted contemptuously at Forrester’s shaky question. “The explanations would take too long.” The older researcher looked to Sam with a raised eyebrow. “Think this thing in our brains extends to the offspring?” 

“It should.” Sam reached up to caress Alpha’s crest as the xenomorph nuzzled into his neck. When it felt the trepidation in its mate’s mind—in the minds of all the humans—Alpha hissed with confusion again; why would they fear their offspring? Sam took a deep breath, let it out slowly, and nodded. “It won’t—shouldn’t—attack its parents, at the very least.” 

“Well, that’s all very well and good for you.” Huan seemed less than reassured by Sam’s words, and continued to watch the opening egg closely and carefully. Silence fell as something emerged from the egg, rising out of its birthplace with quiet squeaks and screeches. Sam stepped closer, ignoring the sharp murmur of caution from Huan, to gaze at the creature pushing itself out into the world. His and Alpha’s spawn. Their child. 

It wasn’t a facehugger, that was certain. It looked like a smaller version of a xenomorph drone; like a chestburster that hadn’t needed to eat its way out of a host. Its chitin was soft and pale, and coated with slick embryonic fluids. Its limbs shook as it tried to crawl out of its egg, and it hissed and lashed its bladeless tail when Sam reached forward to grasp it around the chest and help pull it free. He looked down at the newborn creature, watching it squirm and settle in his grasp, and smiled. “He’s beautiful.” 

There was an audible sigh of relief from the other humans before, again, a flurry of activity broke out. Huan and Jenson moved forward to scan the creature as Sam gently laid it out on the table. Forrester, meanwhile, found a cloth somewhere to help clean the newborn xenomorph off. Alpha pushed past the ring of humans to sniff at its offspring, letting out a tender chirr at the sight. And all the while, the newborn xenomorph screeched and squirmed and turned its eyeless face toward each of its hive-mates in turn. 

Hive-mate indeed; the humans could already feel a new twinge in their brains. A new presence in the hive mind that now connected them. The newest member of their colony. 

“Amazing.” Huan stared at the xenomorph in fascination as he assisted with the scanning, holding each of the xenomorph’s limbs up in turn while Jenson took both its vitals and notes on its anatomy.

“Indeed. Despite your methods, Dr. Finney, the results are extraordinary.” Jenson looked to Sam with a grin that suggested he was far from displeased with the head researcher’s ‘methods’. 

“It’s actually kinda cute.” Forester used a fingertip to slowly rub over the smooth crest crowning the newborn xenomorph’s head. 

“He.” Sam nodded down between the newborn xenomorph’s legs to one of its most obvious features; it was embarrassing to admit even to himself, but it was among the first things he had noticed as he cradled his offspring—his son—in his arms. This xenomorph had a large, full-looking, heavy sack hanging between its thighs underneath a thick, flaccid, fleshy length. A penis and ballsack; the package seemed almost human, if not for the tapered and ridged shaft which looked almost like a smaller version of Alpha’s cock. The creature was definitely male.

“Oh, right.” Forrester looked over the newborn xenomorph’s genitalia, a flush on his face. Jenson and Huan observed it, making notes—very detailed notes—about this part of the creature’s anatomy as well. Sam leaned in close, breathing in the scent of his offspring’s crotch—it was faint, but he already noticed a sweet, rubbery, pheromone-laden aroma that was similar to Alpha’s wafting from the flesh—as his fingers rubbed and explored and fondled the creature’s already-developing gonads. Hefting each testicle in turn in their soft, leathery sack, and then stroking around the base and along the shaft of the xenomorph’s nearly-human cock. As he touched and explored, he felt sparks of thought flowing through the new connection. Good. Warm. Safe.

Hungry.

Sam grunted, pulling away from between the fledgeling drone’s legs to look to Forrester and Huan. “Go out to the mess hall and get as much food as you are able. He’s hungry, and needs sustenance to develop.” 

“Alright.” The two nodded; Forrester eagerly, and Huan while huffing at being ordered around even as he jumped to obey. They moved to clean and dress themselves enough to at least be presentable to the others outside their wing, and then made their way out.

“Jenson, help me with my son’s biometrics. We need to determine exactly how much the alterations in his birthing have affected him. Help me get him over to the other table. Would you also help keep Alpha distracted? We’ve a lot of work to do.” 

-----    

Hours passed. The newborn xenomorph fell into a routine of gorging himself and molting, growing and maturing at a pace that even impressed Alpha. Beta—that was the name given to the newest hive-mate—grew larger and stronger with every molt. His limbs grew thick with muscle as his chitin hardened and turned a deep, shiny black. The crest on his head flattened and broadened and grew ridged, almost like Alpha’s. He grew to stand tall and proud even in his hunched, feral stance—flatfooted, plantigrade, nearly human—rising just barely under Alpha’s own height. 

And of course, his malehood matured along with him. It darkened along with his chitin to a fleshy black. The xenomorph’s balls and cock grew fatter and longer and plumper until his genitals swung heavily between his thighs with every movement. And every inch of flesh along his crotch—from the tapered tip of Beta’s cock, to the sweaty flesh of his ballsack, to his taint and the puckered, tight, tender orifice sitting under his tail—practically stank with cloying, pheromone-rich musk. Heady and nearly overpowering. Both virile and fertile. It never failed to get Sam, Jenson, and even Alpha hard with a single whiff, and turned both Huan and Forrester into horny, needy, panting messes. 

From the moment of his first molt, both Sam and Alpha stayed close to their spawn. Alpha hissed and chirred and crooned as it nuzzled the younger xenomorph, and was eager to explore the strange, fleshy sack and shaft between its offspring’s legs. Sam, meanwhile, stroked and explored along every inch of his son’s hardening chitin, and then kissed and suckled and pressed his face against the xenomorph’s  ballsack. As Beta’s cock grew erect, the researcher lapped along the length of it and then took the growing member into his mouth, pushing down to deepthroat the squirming creature. And when the young xenomorph screeched with its first orgasm, Sam was the one to taste his cum and swallow down Beta’s first thick, sweet, sticky load. 

Then he lifted Beta’s tail, to the xenomorph’s hisses and trills, and both he and Alpha breathed in the scent of their son’s rear orifice for the first time. As they did, the same thought flitted through their minds to echo between the two of them: they would breed with and be bred by Beta, and expand their hive even further. And what better time to start than while Beta was growing into a tall, strong, sexy adult xenomorph? A praetorian; the word was hissed through the humans’ minds by Alpha, and they could only agree that it was an apt name for the heavily-built male. 

Beta seemed just as eager to explore Sam and Alpha—his sires—as they were him. He pressed his face into every nook and cranny of their bodies, familiarizing himself with their scents. He imitated their touches, stroking along Sam’s chest and Alpha’s thighs and ridged spine. He breathed in the musk of their crotches in turn, his hissing and chirring going from curious and playful to husky and lustful. Finally, Alpha nudged and pushed and guided Beta into presenting himself, and then the xenomorph’s fathers took turns mounting their son; Sam’s cock eagerly sank into the hot, wet tightness of Beta’s virgin breeding hole, stretching it open to prepare the young xenomorph for Alpha’s thick, long, wriggling malehood. The two fucked Beta in turn, filling him with their seed as they hissed and screeched and screamed in orgasmic bliss. 

And then Sam nodded to his watching colleagues, and the humans fell onto Beta to introduce themselves as his fellow hive-mates. Taking turns bobbing on his cock and suckling on the full orbs in his ballsack as they were gradually emptied. Grinding their own erections of his face and ridged crest and smearing his black chitin with streaks of gooey white. Jenson slamming hard and deep into Beta’s sloppy rear orifice while the xenomorph mounted Huan and Forrester guided his length into the tight passage of Beta’s extended throat. And all the while, the rutting, thrusting, panting, moaning males exchanged thoughts and sensations and sweet pleasure with one another. 

The day-cycle finally ended, as Sam had fantasized, in a tangle of limbs and sweat-and-cum-soaked bodies. Huan shuddered and whimpered, resting with his rump firmly pressed against Alpha’s hips as the xenomorph King’s erection softened within him. Sam was buried balls-deep in Beta, who squirmed and writhed in pleasure as Jenson and Forester cleaned the praetorian’s own breeding tool with their lips and tongues. The air was filled with the ripe, raunchy scents of sex and the sounds of post-orgasmic males enjoying their afterglow together. 

“Tomorrow…” Sam had to clear his throat and swallow; he was hoarse from deepthroating Beta and Alpha in turn along with his colleagues. “Tomorrow, we’ll allow the other two eggs to hatch. Once Beta’s brothers are mature, we can begin the breeding program in earnest.” 

“Do you think four will be enough?” Jenson looked up to Sam, keeping his face pressed against the tumescent length of Beta’s cock even as he did so. “They are all related, after all.” 

“That’s right.” Huan looked over as well, raising his head from where it was nestled against Alpha’s chest. “How do you plan to ensure there’s enough variation in the genetic material?”

Sam hummed. His brow furrowed, and his hand moved to stroke Beta’s crest as the praetorian nuzzled into his neck. That was indeed a good question; while the xenomorphs had shown remarkable ability to adapt their genetic structure, the effects of breeding between directly-related specimens couldn’t be ignored.

Then the head researcher was struck with an idea; one that was insane, even moreso than his initial idea for solving the xenomorph breeding problem. He grinned, and the twinges in his hive-mates’ minds throbbed and pulsed. “Don’t worry, I think I know how to handle that.”