A note for /gmad/
 
This is a sequel to two other smut fics. You can find them here:
STETIKEKIAK I: THE SLUT ARRIVES
https://pastebin.com/GdB4Evu0
STETIKEKIAK II: THE SLUT IS TESTED
https://pastebin.com/SdjVp6Mf
 
This fic contains a lot of gay stuff. There's also a female Captain, which is not so gay. I'd go on a soapbox about how bifriends are okay and it's not worth being such a dick about it, but nobody would like that. Instead, I'll clarify that this female Captain also has a dick, because dicks are cool and I like them. If you really don't like the brief sections she appears, just skip over it, ya big baby.
 
Onward and upward, to bigger and gayer things.
 
---
 
Stetikekiak felt himself dragged by the shoulders.

He was slender, still, a little younger and with his thicker tail trailing behind him, along with a trail of sapphire blood. His body was slung in carapace armor, segmented and with plates, but his helmet had gone missing-- he'd torn it off to try and talk to them, to try and make some kind of peace.

His breath mask had broken when they beat it with their batons. So had a lot of his face.

The bird's beak was mangled, burnt, and he could still feel the sting like it had just happened. He'd just gotten a few lungfuls of nitrogen, but it barely felt like enough. He couldn't even tell if his head was still holding itself together.

Hakhitata brought his near-limp body into the Medical Healroom and sat him against the bed. There wasn't a doctor to be found, and there probably wouldn't for a while yet. Steti just sat up as best he could, shuddering and still panicking, and listened to the Vox next to him bark loudly in his ears in Pidgin so sharp it could cut quills apart.

"This is what you get!" he shouted, eyes full of vitriol. Steti tried to make himself small, tearing up. "Those Nanotrasen scum, we're at ODDS with them. Every chance they get, they'll kill us, not another word." With that, he stuck one of his claws in Steti's still-fresh burn wound, his face bleeding, and it made the slender bird caw out weakly. Hakhitata screeched, "Your stupid little 'diplomacy' move cost us the mission!"

At that point, though, Steti couldn't much hear him anymore.

His body felt reverberations of shock and horror, an unending pattern of panic, every part of him still stuck in that moment he was hit, again and again, and again. He tried weakly to make his thoughts wander, and focus on only his breathing, taking frantic air through his disfigured beak-

-but the nitrogen tasted sickly.

...

...

...

Then, many years later, the humanoid chicken with slicked-back quills found himself clothed in that 'stealth suit' of sleek black rubber, giving the prudish human Research Director a heavenly-feeling thighjob with two slightly curvy, yet slender, legs. He sat on his lap upright, feeling the man's hot breath as the squeaky movements of rubber jerked at his length. Steti's rather plump asscheeks were spread to accomodate another human's length, as well. Behind him, looming over them both, the Head of Security grunted again and again as he hotdogged Steti, thrusting with all the might he could muster against sleek cheeks, the bird's latex-clad tail wrapping around his neck for support. It was nearly a choke-hold, both ass and tail holding the man in a prison of heated pleasure.

The Bridge, a cramped little room where the Heads of Staff were meant to congregate, had been locked down. The lights had been reduced to a dim, and for a while there was calm, until Stetikekiak arrived.

He had not gotten a lot taller over the years, but he had since embraced his small stature. His distinctive latex suit was now something he truly lived in, being so tight to his body that no part of him was hidden, and so smooth that the only parts with any roughness were the rubber plastrons on his chest, and the detachable helm with visor. The bird was a little bony in some parts, and curvy in others, and every bit of light that caught on his body made the sleek rubber gleam.

Steti found it funny, that it squeaked. It was very far from stealthy. His new cohort- the crew of the station- wouldn't hesitate to make fun of that at every turn, but to tell the truth, he loved the attention, and he loved that with every little sound of rubber moving, he knew he was satisfying whoever he was on top of.

In this case, it was the Research Director, who was leaking right all over the bird's sleek legs as they gyrated up and down. This human was completely, stalwartly against this kind of misconduct, and had reprimanded his staff time and time again every time Stetikekiak had had a stint with them. The bird had seen this man stare at an incoming meteor with absolutely no reaction, and yet this little thighjob was making him pant and cringe and moan like nothing ever had, and his eyes were wide, like he was in disbelief it was happening.

Initially, it wasn't going to happen. He asked not to be a part of this disorderly mess in the Bridge, in which every Head of Staff would get their 'turn' with the bird. But when Steti entered, he noticed the Research Director had an eye for him, had an eye on his thighs. The bird had gotten good at recognizing gaze. 

It only took a shove into a chair to turn the tables.

Behind Steti was the Head of Security, who had by now fucked the slut-bird plenty of times, but who always reacted like it was God's greatest gift to the station, grunting with every movement and clasping Steti by the hips with force. He wouldn't ever say it out loud, but the bird was his saving grace, the reason he didn't get burnt out of the job. It made him feel powerful, Steti noted, to have full control over the slutty, rubber-clad chicken, and right now he was a workhorse, face clenched and hands clenched tighter.

Those burly hands held him, their grip on the bird turning to steel as the HoS hit his climax, spewing his pent-up load all over the bird's asscheeks. "Nnh--" It seemed like it surprised him, and all the man could do for support was hold desperately onto his slender fucktoy. The Research Director, who had been holding his breath in tension, finally gasped out as he rocketed to orgasm from the sheer, slick friction of Vox thighs. He fell back into the chair, shooting lines of cum over his and Steti's legs in turn; neither had lasted as long as they assumed they would, and the bird was absolutely lathered in their needy load. They were slung over him limply, and as their dicks drooled out the last of their cum, both of them basked in a luminant afterglow and tried to catch a breath.

Stetikekiak just chortled happily. Between his legs was an erection of his own-- it was contained a bit within the latex prison of his stealth suit, but there was plenty of room for him to leak pre as he was splattered from both ends. He crawled off the men, tail swishing a bit against the ground, and took a long breath as he watched them both collapse on one another in post-coital haze. It seemed that Steti was a high-value commodity for clients both old and new.

"F-Fuckin' hell, bird," the HoS groaned out, sapped. Steti paid the man only a little mind, with a nod of the head. There were still Heads of Staff yet to attend to. With two of the down for the count, the bird moved along the cramped Bridge to the next.

Two stood next to each other, the Chief Medical Officer and Chief Engineer. The former was a Grey of above-average height but incredibly slender and bony figure, wearing a medical overcoat which terminated at his hips, long black stockings, and white shoes. It was far from proper uniform, but the bird and the CMO had that much in common. The Chief Engineer, although a plenty friendly person, was also cursed (or, to some particular degenerates, blessed) to have been a Plasmaman, wearing an incredibly bulky plasma-filled softsuit with only a face visor.

He seemed excited for this 'meeting' in the Bridge all the way through, but a central question had been, of course, 'how can you even /be/ satisfied?' The question was dodged again and again, until the conclusion was made that it would require a lot of effort, and biohazard gear.

Now, he was standing in front of Steti, both excited and expectant. It had never been particularly figured out how the untrained bird would deal with such alien anatomy, and for a moment, he simply paced around curiously, hips waggling a little and dick swaying. The plasmaman CE continued huffing the gas in his suit, though it seemed like he was doing so with much more... intent. An angry bull in a plasma suit. Still, Stetikekiak had no idea where to go next. It was the CMO who made the first move. He donned a long rubber glove and motioned for the plasmaman to lay flat, like directing a patient for a procedure, then gave Steti a little look, one that he'd given the bird many times during his internship in Medbay. "On top of him," he said.

Steti nodded excitedly.

The plasmaman's expression remained blank, because he was a skeleton.

With the CMO squatted between the plasmaman's legs, Steti stepped over above his head, and then sat calmly on his face. Or, at least, where his face would be, were it not obscured by the thick hood holding in plasma. Still, despite lacking basically any nerve endings, it seemed that this was satisfying, as he rested tensed-up arms and let out a muffled huff, audible through the suit. Steti's plump asscheeks and substantial thighs rested happily on the visor of the hood, and he found himself enjoying the sensation, like he was a chicken who had found a nest.

Was he aroused? Was this what arousal looked like? Steti didn't particularly know, but he knew that it was fun as hell, and that the CMO would handle the rest.

He watched the Grey reach into a groin pouch on the CE's suit, dipping his insulated arm deep, deep inside. With something like practiced precision, he felt around inside, poking at the burning remains that made up his nerve endings. "If my memory on your anatomy serves me right," the CMO grunted, "then this should..."

The CMO reached in deep, deep. He gave Steti a devilish, toothy grin, as it seemed he'd found something in the suit. With a grope and a soft gasp of satisfaction, he clenched that something in the Chief Engineer, and the Chief Engineer buckled, collapsing and shaking comically. Where there was once support and movement, suddenly there was nothing but a pile of tired bones, completely overexerted and... maybe even pleasured.

A pile of bones in a suit. Steti stood up from his face-sit and glanced back down, and saw that the plasmaman was sitting with a dumbfounded, wide-open grin.

Or maybe that was just his normal expression.

Steti's eager attention finally went to the Head sat in contemplative quiet on a sofa chair near the holomap. It was the Head of Personnel, a rather infamously slow-to-move Diona who had somehow landed the position through raw bureaucratic willpower. Steti hadn't ever been friendly in person with the plant, despite attempts to ease their relationship through intimate favors, but he'd once caught him watching footage of the bird's escapades with the Head of Security.

Steti quickly realized that the plant was not one to partake himself; the Head of Personnel was a voyeur, and his escapades with the other Heads of Staff had gotten straight to his roots.
And, now, the fly on his blue jumpsuit was zipped down, and with all the slowness that he retained from his workday, he was jerking his flower-like length into full sprout, leaking watery pre out of its many rather meaty petals. Come to think of it, he'd been doing that the entire meeting, since Steti mounted the Research Director.

Stetikekiak approached. The dimmed Bridge light made him look like a shadowy apparition, shaped oddly but with no part of him hidden. His dick swayed needily in its latex prison, his talons glided without effort across the floor, and the sheen on his rubber suit, tight against his underweight and bony figure, shifted to match the light. All along the way, the Head of Personnel could just watch Steti move, rubbing himself ponderously to the bird's movements, taking it all in with awe. Finally the bird had perched in front of him, and he lowered slowly, providing a show to his superior, getting down on the knees of his digitigrade legs.

The diona gently creaked in approval. "You're... a pretty... bird, hah."

Steti glanced behind himself to the CMO, who had been waiting patiently with his hands cupped together, and gave the Grey a nod to come forth. Steti pressed a tiny rubber button near the base of his groin, opening a flap which allowed access to his rear end, and sat forth on all fours. The CMO approached the prostrating bird eagerly and stripped his panties down to let his pink, throbbing dick bob in open air. He grappled Steti's asscheeks, and slipped inside with timid familiarity. If the bird could fit dildos of six different species, as demonstrated in the CMO's tests, then he was capable of one Grey length. The CMO only spent a little while with foreplay. He was already close, and Stetikekiak knew it. 

The bird wanted to put on a proper show. With a stage-whisper loud enough for the room to hear, he whispered back to the CMO, "Cum inside, f-for Acting Captain." He waggled his hips to make the message clear.

Without any hesitation, the Grey nodded, and started to pound the the panting, slender bird. Now the diona sitting above him was jerking with such feverish need that he was leaking nectary precum against Steti's helmet, sticky and sweet-smelling. It was like watching a porno in person. All the while, the Grey clasped his arms around the bird's swishing tail and cried out when he reached orgasm-- the feeling was like he was stuffing a chicken, and Steti's tight hole trapped his hyper-sensitive length as he started unloading thick globs of cum inside. Heat and intense feeling made him unable to do anything but moan and quack as he lost himself.

Steti was ecstatic, and as he stared up expectantly at the Head of Personnel, he felt himself edging. His dick was diamond-hard now, and the slick rubber was moving slightly with every exhausting thrust from the Grey, friction against cone that only made him leak more. The diona's grin had grown to a mischevious smile, and without any indication but a loud creaking groan, his overworked plant length started spewing and drooling cum against Steti's helmet. He was absolutely showered within a second, plant-semen across his faceplate, head, and all across his back. By the time the Diona was spent, the Grey behind Steti had finally expended all of his energy, and pulled out with a soaked, overwrought dick. The both of them were panting like their lives depended on it.

"J-Just as... a-as effective as written," the CMO huffed.

"And an... excellent... show," the Diona murmured.

They nearly fell, the both of them. The Head of Personnel sat back in the chair with a stupid grin on his face, and the CMO laid back on the floor with his slender legs spread-eagle. Stetikekiak sat up, gently wiping off some cum from his faceplate, and stepped away, giving them both a coy little butt-waggle and chittering.

The room had been satisfied. Steti knew that much.

With a graceful stance, he stood in the center of the Bridge around huffing, exhausted bodies, aroused but feeling self-controlled. Behind him, the door to the Captain's Quarters slid open with a gentle swish, and Steti turned to face it, remaining composed. The Captain stood in the entrance, wearing a rather modest overcoat and blue cap, along with sunglasses that hid intention. She did not emerge, but she peered inside, at the collapsed and tired Heads of Staff, still stewing in their own cum and embracing each other in various piles. Then, her gaze landed on Stetikekiak, an entirely unstealthy, slender slut in a rubber 'stealth suit' and raging erection, cum dripping from ass and faceplate.

She just said, at first, "Well."

Steti felt his heart flutter a little, like how it had when he first came to the space station, like when he felt as if he'd done wrong, like when he thought he was going to be thrown out of an airlock without a helmet. But the Captain continued, "You've successfully made this bickering group of idiots in Command unite over something." She chuckled softly, revealing a tentative bit of humor. "Even if that /something/ is disorderly conduct and unprofessional behavior. I like you, bird. We could use more of that around here." The bird took a shaky breath as she glanced off, musing, "Maybe all these Heads need is a good piece of xeno ass to keep them in line."

He considered it for a moment, and made a glance back at all the members of Command, utterly stripped of any tension they once had. Steti shrugged as he turned back to the Captain. "Well... I do like in comparison to fistfight," he murmured.

She laughed again, short and sudden. A little smirk, but only a little. "Come. I want to talk to you privately." With a step back, the entrance to the office was wide open, and Steti took a pensive breath in preparation to follow after her. A babbling CMO bid him off, and the bird stepped inside the Captain's Quarters, feeling like a spacecarp out of vacuum.

As the Captain proceeded in to her chair, she offhandedly said, "You know, I almost would have guessed this was the reason you came here to this station, considering the getup."

"It has works and uses," Steti murmured. He remained stood, for the time being. She sat down in the rather imposing chair behind her antique-looking desk, eyes planted on him as the airlock closed.

"From what I saw in your records, you were an enemy of the station to begin with." The woman glanced at the monitor at her desk, then back. "By a miracle, you've converted to helping us, week after week, with problems I never knew how to tackle properly. It's gotten me thinking that maybe that conversion could be the standard."

The bird tilted his head. It felt like a ploy. "...Like, operatives? Changeling, cultists? Revolution?"

She just nodded, her expression growing more gravely serious. "All things that we're told about in the handbooks, like Vox Raiders. As you may know, the recommended action for all of them is violence, but clearly there are alternative options." Once again, the Captain motioned for him to sit, and at last Stetikekiak chose to sit.

The chair was nice, comfy. He found himself almost feeling a little drowsy, but tried to hold fast onto his thoughts. "But most would not give up... doing bad things, just because they get to fuck. How would traitor become convinced? How would..."

Steti trailed off, as the Captain stood from her chair, the serious expression still present on her face. She approached him, and then clasped at his rubber-covered neck, wrapping her hand around the base of his chin and beak, turning his head to face her directly. "I'm aware of the power of persuasion, just as you are." Her other hand fell lower, and Steti stiffened up as his length, still hard between his legs from the earlier orgy, was suddenly clasped, tight. "I want you to confront the enemies of the station and convince them... like I'm convincing you now."

Stunned, he sat up with discomfort. He wasn't sexually fond of the Captain, or women in general, and that happened to be his gay way-- but the tight touch around his already-needy dick within its latex prison forced arousal into him. He squawked, "O-Oh." A little movement of her wrist, and he felt himself being jerked off, rubber squeaking around his member as she gripped him tightly. He closed his eyes and chittered under his breath, chilled. "Well, w-would want... partner."

"That one Assistant, I presume?" the Captain asked.

"Y-Yes. He was one who... nnh, originally /convinced/, so is good at this."

She chuckled at his response, and lowered herself sitting on the armrest, pinning Steti's right hand. Her jerking increased pace, and the bird's beak slid open a little as he squawked a low moan. "Fine. A couple of freaks, you two, but promising freaks." The Captain looked down at his slender form, tail poking up above the chair as he clutched it for support. "My Chief Medical Officer intended something similar just for his Medbay... but I think your skills may be better used for more /heroic/ acts."

At that, Steti suddenly found himself in the midst of orgasm, one he wasn't expecting and perhaps not even wanting, shooting lines of spunk into the latex as his body stiffened and his legs clenched the chair. He was trembling, and his dick was hot and jittery as he came, uncomfortable and disjointed. In spite of it all, though, Steti couldn't get her words out of his head, and he supposed that was what brought him over the edge.

Steti had never been called 'heroic'.

Steti had never felt worth so much to any place he'd ever been.

The Captain stepped back away over to her desk, and then sat across from him, remaining stern in expression. There was little semblance of warmth despite Steti's shaking, flustered self, and she seemed determined to attain what she came for. "I trust you'll get started on this soon?"

"Y-Yhhhes, right, w-will," the bird stammered.

She reached into her desk with a little sigh, pulled out a slip of red paper, and began to read it off, paraphrasing for Steti. "We've got reports of a vampire, a shapeshifter, a budding cult, and a subversive revolution."

He sat up in concern, still panting some. "Those all at once?!" The woman just shrugged.

"It's life as a Captain-- my subordinates are all either having an orgy or complaining, and the rest of the crew plots and schemes." She couldn't help but laugh to herself, a little bit of the veneer stripped away at last, to reveal how truly exhausted she was with these people. By now, the Captain simply looked off.

"Well, will... try to stop and slow," Steti said, quietly. He began to stand, legs unsteady.

She looked at him one more time before he exited, coldly. "You'd better, before it gets any worse."

With his head feeling in the clouds, and discomfort blossoming into disdain, he exited the Captain's Quarters. He exited the Bridge, too, still smelling of cum and happily exhausted men, and slipped into the hall with as much stealth as his 'stealth suit' could muster, with a couple quiet squeaks of movement. Stetikekiak had a lot to think about.

He retrieved the small PDA contained in a pouch in his plastron, typed out a small message, and waited patiently by the side of the Bridge entrance. There were a few passersby, who gave Steti the same sort of intrigued look that they'd had since his stint in Medbay, and which was becoming more widespread amongst the crew. Even those he didn't recognize seemed to recognize him. After a while, though, he finally saw the man he'd been waiting for; a fairly well-built but modest-looking Paramedic's Assistant with a bald head and a meek expression approached with a smile on his face. He called out, "Hey, Steti!"

The bird's spirits felt lifted immediately. He perked up his head. "Hey, Assistant Paramedic."

"Aw, c'mon, ya don't gotta call me by my job title." The man came right up close and smirked.

"...but is less common than name," Steti protested.

Still, the Assistant just chuckled along. "You can just say 'John', y'know. Might be a common name, but..." He waved his hands over himself. "...it's me."

"Well... alright," Steti chittered, bowing his head a little bit. "Might be hard get used to, weird transition, but it's good name to call you by." He reached a hand forth, and John took it, and the two clenched one another for a moment, savoring that little bit of contact. The human had a certain kind of softness around Steti that he didn't strictly have to, as the bird had gotten used to the touch of plenty of burly or needy men, but that was very endearing. They held hands and made the short trek to the dorms section of the station, designed for permanent residence for dozens and dozens of crewmembers, and made it to John's in short order. A couple months ago, the dorm had belonged purely to the human-- but now it was home for two.

The man's soft hands helped to undo the helmet to Steti's suit, and then the rest of it, fitted tight until it slipped off, aside from the gloves. The bird loved the comfort of his 'stealth suit', but he liked the comfort of being naked in John's presence, too. He reached to lower the light, then held the bird with a light grasp around the chest, feeling him in the dim room. Stetikekiak was copper-feathered, a little ruffled from time spent under the suit, and incredibly slender. His head hung low, and the man could see his face. There were a long series of scars, mangles on his face. His beak remained mostly intact, but the base on one side was disfigured, and so was the area below his left eye. It was a mix between burns and battering, with quills missing and bones realigned. John had seen the bird a few times by now, and he had gotten used to it, and seeing his boyfriend open to air still made him happy because of who it was, not what it looked like.

Still, for Stetikekiak, all he could particularly keep in mind was how terrible it still felt, ringing out. When he thought about that scarred tissue, it brought him right back to that station, that medical bay, those Vox who chided him for his mistakes, the guilt, the embarrassment. It brought him back to the uselessness he felt every day on the Shoal.

John stepped over closer, to hold his hand again. He could feel that discomfort lingering in the air. "It's alright, okay? Nothin' wrong with how ya look."

Steti nodded, and took in some air. "It's more what reminds me of, than anything." His voice broke a little. "...reminds of what could have done to me when you found me." The man understood quickly, and held Steti closer, embracing him in a hug. He was as much comfort as he could be.

"Things're better now," he assured into the bird's shoulder. "We're past that."

He backed up a little to the bed and sat upright, expression welcoming. Steti felt himself loosen up a little, approaching, letting some air out. There was still some uncertainty in the air, but he liked the man's company, how easy he made it feel. With a few steps forth, he was able to sit on John's lap, with his tail reaching the floor, facing him eye-to-eye. The man gave him a warm smile, and Steti unzipped his jumpsuit from the top, stripping away the Assistant Paramedic gear and setting it softly aside on the bed. Between his legs was his bluish length, slowly growing to a comfortable hardness at the sensation of so much close touch. A few moments later, he'd revealed John's groin as well, pulling aside his boxers to bring out his pink dick and hold it against his own. The man chuckled happily.

"So... there's new assignment, from Captain," Steti said, hand gently cupping their shafts together as he began to jerk. Although John was hearing him, in the moment he was far more concerned with reaching his head forth to kiss Steti's beak, tilting to the side to get more purchase. The bird chittered happily as he continued, both with his explanation and the now-wet frottage. "With station threats. Um... vampire, changeling, revolution, cult. Have to figure way to convince to stop being threats... like did for me. You're partner on whole venture, a-and... mnnh." The man gave him another kiss amidst his soft moan. This was a heavenly place to be.

"...jeez, Steti, sounds like a hell'f a thing for a couple Assistants to be tasked on," John chuckled. He panted lightly as his dick was embraced and massaged, feeling every hot breath from Steti close, close, close.

"Y-Yeah," the bird murmured. He was caught up between moans. His claws, dulled by his gloves, pressed up against both of their glans, and within a few more moments, the human helped along, pressing his hands against the base of their shafts and clenching them tightly in a two-handed jerking motion. John locked eyes with Steti, and Steti with him, and the moment felt perfect, amidst how chaotic the rest of the station could be. For that second, it was entirely their place, and all within their control, within their grasp. Stetikekiak moaned, "...w-we'll figure out..." as he felt himself approach orgasm, and the bald human groaned softly in climax. Within a few jerks, they were both over the edge, and John embraced his bird-boyfriend in a kiss, dicks pumping against one another, cum pooling around their groins as they stiffened up and huffed desperately into their mutual, shared warmth. 

The afterglow was long. Steti found himself desperately trying to catch his breath, and John sat back a little, a stupid grin plastered on his face, enjoying the bird's satisfaction.

Once things finally began to calm down, he took a gruff breath, nodded, and said, "Guess we better get started on it, huh?"

...

Their two headlamps illuminated the Maintenance tunnel. There was ambient light from an occasional window, but by in large it was dark enough to hide just about anything. These were the same tunnels that would spell doom for all but the most prepared, where monsters were surely lurking in the dark, both human-shaped and otherwise. Stetikekiak and John, a couple of Assistants, knew that they were probably woefully underprepared for whatever they were looking to find, with nothing but a couple of strappable headlamps, ones which fit uncomfortably on John's bald head and very poorly on Steti's helmet, and which barely made the trek through darkness any easier. It was the Maintenance behind Medical-- and it smelt of death.

"So you said they found bodies somewhere around here?" asked the Assistant, pensive. He clutched the dinky Security taser in his makeshift belt-holster. "I really shoulda brought something tougher than this thing..."

Steti glanced back at him and gave a shrug. "We're trying to solve /without/ killing."

"If ya say so." John chuckled nervously. There was nothing good that could come out of this venture, he was sure of it.

Leading the way, the bird rounded a corner to light up a sign against one dusty wall. It read, 'BACKUP BACKUP SURGERY ROOM', and he could swear it looked more like a scribble than proper text. He nodded cautiously to the Assistant Paramedic, who once again clutched at the handle of his taser, and aimed his headlight down beside the door, revealing a Maintenance door with something crusty stained against the bottom. "Ah, shit," he murmured. "...That's probably it, huh."

Stetikekiak grimaced, and stepped forward to swipe his ID over the door's scanner. With a loud, creaky groan, it began to pull itself open, servos old but still functional. The smell that wafted out made John recoil, green in the face; Steti, however, continued inside, determined to get to the bottom of things. He dragged his human inside,and the both of them shone their lights across the room. Even with their combined headlight strength, though, all that could be made out was a pallid, off-grey mass in front of the back wall. It was only when Steti reached back towards the doorway, feeling his claws against the wall before finally finding a light switch, that the lone bulb hanging from the ceiling illuminated it all in harsh light.

Piled in stacks five-high, human corpses sat motionless. Their pale-as-bone bodies were splayed out on top of one another haphazardly, wearing stupid, vacant expressions that seemed to have been locked in since their death. By the look of it, they were monkeymen- essentially empty-brained- and had been drained of all blood, then discarded. John nearly threw up, but did his best to stay upright, atop a trembling pair of legs. Steti's beak creaked open slowly in his helmet as he whispered, "...yes, is probably it." He was about to try and retrieve his PDA from his suit once again, when the horrifying moment was interrupted by a dramatic ruffling of fabric from the doorway. Steti and John swiveled around, with the human drawing his taser and keeping it at a low ready.

There was an imposing silhouette in the doorway. His red-trimmed velour cape was clear, and he laughed an imposing, triumphant laugh. It seemed he had the two right where he wanted them.

"Sh-shit, Steti!" John tightened his grip on the taser, hands shaking. Steti braced himself for a confrontation. "Knew I shoulda brought a Glock."

Then, the vampire stepped inside the radius of the light, and revealed himself to be a Vox. He was brandishing oversized canines, but they were contained within a hooked beak, terminating in a thin face with light-green quills. His garb was one of incredibly distinctive blood-sucking origin, with a wide-collared cape that hung to the ground, black-and-red coat, white handkerchief below his chin, and cheesily dramatic black leather pants, ending in knee-high boots wrapped around his talons. Steti recognized it to be a bird he'd... 'met' before, during his internship in Medbay. This was one of the miner birds apparently afflicted with a disease from the Asteroid-- perhaps it wasn't as false as it initially seemed.

With a flourish of one of his clawed hands, the vampire spoke. It was, as it turned out, the most broken Common either of them had ever heard in their lives.

"Well! And to this was to surprised, and it's this and that to you have and it's discovered where and then it's my stash of the blood donors!" He brandished a grin against his cheeks.

John stared with wide-eyed confusion. He went to raise the taser to fire, but before he could get it centered on the imposing Miner, his pale bird eyes suddenly flashed- a glare of sanguine power- and both the human and Steti felt themselves fall, stunned against their will.

Hazy.

Muted.

Steti tried to hold onto consciousness, but the world faded in and out until he gave in and let himself go limp.

Hard to breathe.

Hard to focus.

When he finally came to, vision clearing up, Steti found that his hands were handcuff-bound to a pipe near the ceiling of the room, and he was suspended upright. The vampire had strung both him and John up, with the Assistant to Steti's left, groggily asking what was going on. With a stilted tone, the canine-toothed Vox announced to the both of them, "This isn't and to anything to the if it's personal, but..."

"F-Fuckin' vampire!" the Assistant groaned. "What's wrong with ya? Do you have brain damage?!"

As the vampire approached his boyfriend, Steti decided to try and do his best to be diplomatic. With a meek voice, he spoke in Pidgin-- "W-Would this tongue be better for you?"

The vampire glanced back with a bit of a dejected expression. "No," he said, in Pidgin. "It is too crude. Not good to use often." With that, he leaned ominously over the Assistant, displayed his cape in a dramatic swoosh, and lunged onto the man's neck, biting down deep and starting to suck his blood, much to the human's chagrin.

Steti scrambled to speak again before his boyfriend was sucked dry. In a slightly stilted form of Tradeband, which he was never that comfortable speaking, he asked, "How a-about this?"

After a few more gulps of the human's blood, the vampire Vox slowly detached, stepping back into the open air of the maintenance room. He was displaying himself some, an entirely frazzled bird with mussed head-quills, using his ostentatious outfit to compensate. In response to Steti, he remained quiet, eying the slender bird, talon to head. He hummed gently, and then nodded, as if contemplative. His eyes lit up.

In a flash of spoken Tradeband, which was more suave and purple than it had any right to be, the vampire rattled off, "Now, indeed, I do believe I recall you, bird-- the doctor who inspected my subordinate miner and I, though by far your faculties were more faltering than they are now." His words possessed flow and rhythm, aspects otherwise completely absent from Tradeband, a language built by trading ships to condense information as much as possible. "When I retrieved the sanguine curse from that wretched rock, it took some time to learn its contours, and some time to forgive myself for draining my dear friend's blood. The river of regret flowed close, and torrentially."

The Assistant weakly murmured, "S-Steti, what the fuck is going on?"

Stetikekiak's mind raced as he stared at the imposing vampire, inches from killing him and his boyfriend. Slowly, a plan began to form in his mind-- threads at first, and he knew that's all he'd have time for right now. If he wanted to stay alive, he would have to cast his bait and wing it from there.

First, the slender slut-bird just tried to keep the vampire talking. With a softness in his voice, he spoke once more in Tradeband. "We had... good time, didn't we?"

"A night to remember," the vampire enunciated with a warm, inviting tone, "without any doubts in my mind."

Stetikekiak gyrated his body slightly, trying to show himself off. Without his hands free and under heavy scrutiny, all he could do was what he was good at. His tone remained gentle. "...you know, if going to kill me anyway, w-we could... have one last time at that," he remarked. "You have all power here, o-of course, but if wanted to..."

The vampire's eyes lit up, and he took a claw back to gently preen his quills. He really was a bit of an unassuming miner bird. One that, without the getup and purple prose, would be exceptionally coarse. "You know, that's perhaps not such a terrible proposition. You have such a darling and chipper tone with these things, and a lovely and strange body. Maybe we could have another... 'night to remember'."

With a little movement of his hips, Steti was able to slowly wrap his tail under the vampire, and then prod his ass with the thin end. It was quite amusing to the Vox, who chuckled and got quite a bit closer. Upon feeling him up, Steti realized the light-green-quilled bird lacked any tail at all, maybe through a genetic defect or otherwise. He made up for that with his own tail, and felt the space between his asscheeks with practiced deftness. "...how about this?" the slender bird asked.

"Good," the vampire responded, voice deepening, "very good." Steti felt a hand go to his buttcheeks in response, similarly feeling him up through the latex of his 'stealth suit'. It only took a little prodding from the villainous vampire to get Steti excited once more, panting a little in his helmet, his visor becoming foggy with his own breath. In this awkward position, he felt like product in a butcher shop-- half-hanging, half-standing, talons managing to barely reach the floor but his hands tied firmly to the pipe above. And, now, he was starting to grow needy against the latex of his suit.

He breathily mentioned, "There's... button to press, on perineum." He was surprised he could remember the Tradeband word for 'perineum', and it seemed the looming vampiric Vox was surprised, too.

"You're more fluent than you'd give away so easily," he chittered. He pressed the button hard, unfolding flaps on Steti's rear, as well as getting his rock-hard length free from the latex prison. He cackled and forced a few thin claws into the Vox's ass, spreading him and getting him hard enough to poke his cone-shaped member against the vampire's chest. Then, the miner-bird began to strip some, pulling down those dramatic black pants to reveal a half-hard blue cone which flopped around. "I hate to have met you again in such dire circumstances. I never intended for a lover to see me so... bloodthirsty, uncontrollable."

"M-Maybe... not uncontrollable," Steti murmured. He bowed his head and faced the vampire straight in the eyes, glaring through the viewport. There was this sudden burst of strength which welled up in him, and he enunciated, "Suck me d-dry." 

The bird looming over him paused a moment, amused. "Suck you... dry? Surely you don't mean you'd like to end up like one of those monkeymen so soon." He glanced over at the pile of bodies, and briefly towards the Assistant, who was visibly light-headed.

"No," the slut-bird said, "suck me dry, th-then you can fuck." He bucked his hips gently, his length caressing the vampire's stomach with intense need. Steti wasn't as girthy as some of his Vox peers, but there was still significant length in it, and he was feeling more aroused than he had any right to be, given the situation. It was almost a little exhilarating, being so close to an imposing creature with control over his fate.

After a short moment of contemplation, the vampire huffed, and then nodded. "You know... that's such an astute little request. I suppose I could acquaint you with my oral fixation..." One of his claws went to Steti's dick immediately, clutching him tight and making the slender bird squirm. A couple feet away, the Assistant groaned in confusion, unsure if this meant the situation was getting better, or worse. The vampire proceeded by kneeling down some, his eyes remaining fixated on Stetikekiak's visor, holding him by his length and controlling his every breath with gentle massaging. Although he'd been asked to do this, he had all the power.

Now, knelt down a little, the vampire's full length was displayed, leaking pre onto the floor. Steti, with his faculties going hazy, tried to up the stakes for his captor, tail going back to his cheeks and starting to prod and push inside, now that there weren't pants in the way. It was an odd affair, but soon enough he stuck the thin, rubber-clad end of his tail into the vampire's hole, who chittered in pleasure. "N-Now... this is a position I haven't yet experienced," the vampire chuckled in that rosy Tradeband. "You're a clever lover.~"

"T-Try to," Steti managed, and then he swung a leg over, prodding the vampire closer to his length with deft talons. "Now s-suck dry."

"Your wish is my command, bird..." The vampire chuckled softly, and began to open his beak, sharp canines glinting in the faint light of the maintenance closet. As he started to wrap his long, thin bluish tongue around Steti's needy cone, he gargled a weak, "...for now." and then engorged himself fully on the bird. The warmth was intense, and even though he was doing his best to hold his composure still, Steti couldn't help but squirm around a bit, breath growing hot and voice warbling.

He was getting the vampire suck, and he couldn't help but enjoy it.

Steti looked over to the Assistant, who was watching in awe. He caught the man's attention with a frantic head-waggle, having noticed that the vampire was having the time of his life, closing his eyes and sucking Steti's precum happily. He glanced at John's hands, then at the handcuffs, trying to point with his visor. It took him a few moments to get what Steti meant, but finally he managed a dazed nod, and started messing with the handcuffs, doing his best to wriggle free without being loud.

Meanwhile, the Vox miner was loving Steti's dick from tip to base, with his sharp beak-tip and teeth remaining just millimeters from the sensitive flesh. Below him, the captive bird's tail was starting to go inch-after-inch into the vampire, until he was nearly being fucked, prostate massaged and dick as hard as diamonds. After a while of the dextrous blowjob, Steti felt himself getting uncomfortably close to orgasm, squirming and panting uncontrollably. He looked back at John, who was still having plenty of trouble with his handcuffs. If the bird filled his captor's throat so soon, the both of them were basically doomed.

Instead, he kicked weakly at the vampire, his moans overcoming his vocal cords. Eventually the bird got the idea, retracting his pre-drooling beak from Steti's needy cock, which was bobbing and throbbing in the open air. "You don't desire for me to actually... *drain* you yet, hmm?"

Jittering from need, Steti muttered, "You sh-should... u-use me, while still can." Although he was overwhelmingly worried that he'd actually end up dead here, it was an appealing route to play into the vampire's fantasy.

"Well. That's a fair observation, lover." The Vox stood up, imposing once more over Stetikekiak, and wrapped his arms around the bird with only a bit of care. His legs straddled the rubber-clad tail, and his still-leaking cone fit between Steti's thighs, as he hunched up closer, closer, closer. Soon he was breathing on Steti's neck, as the slender bird shied away slightly, panting from need. Once the vampire had set himself up to begin slipping his tip inside his captive Vox, it was easy-going, delicate inch-by-inch movement that made Steti stiffen up and moan. How could he help it? This was girth that he deeply enjoyed taking. He complimented the vamp's thrust by poking his prostate with the thin end of his tail once more, and then slipping it deep enough inside to be nearly puppeteering his captor, much to his pleasure.

Hanging right beside them, trying desperately to pick the handcuff lock with the cuff of his jumpsuit, the Assistant did his best to resist getting hard, staring at his boyfriend being sensually fucked by a horrifying vampire. Not purely because it felt dirty, but because he didn't want the dwindling blood he had left to be dedicated to his dick.

The vampire began pumping and pumping into Steti, through his thighs and parting his puckered ass. Every little movement made the slender bird's quill-tight suit squeak, and both of them were panting into each other, moaning in the cramped air of the maintenance room. Steti swung on the pole a little, his talons struggling to touch ground as he was pounded. The Vox in him repeatedly pressed against his prostate, and now Steti's length was massaged between both of their stomachs, spurting and leaking needily-- it took all he could manage not to erupt right then and there. The vampire squawked out in Tradeband, "Y-You're quite the catch, b-bird! I would say you've m-made a comparatively w-weak pick in that Assistant, so easily-overpowered."

Steti responded between gasps, "He's n-not into cuck thing, so shut it!"

"I suppose he can take it up with me once I-I've finished liberating him from his lifeblood!" the vampire shouted back, grinning with his cheeks and pounding Steti hard.

John nearly passed out as blood rushed from his head to his other head. He had no idea what the Vox were talking about, and he could do nothing but stare at them screw, and desperately fumble with his handcuffs.

In a moment of weakness, Steti's eyes just rolled back, and he craned his head towards the ceiling. The thick girth in his ass was taking over his thoughts, nearly making him scream. He knew he needed to buy more time, but... but... Stetikekiak's head was in the damn clouds by now. His legs wrapped around the vampire, lifting off the ground and digging his rubber-clad talons softly into the Vox's thighs and backside; with an intense thrust against his prostate, Steti found himself spurting lines of cum against both birds' chests, hot birdseed against linen and rubber. "Kha- hh- hah- aah..." His voice became nothing but a broken squeak of pleasure.

All the while, his captor was cawing and huffing happily, face obviously flush blue and his ass full of penetrative tail. "As sp-splendid as I recall you being!" he choked out in a roughened Tradeband. Finally, he tumbled over the edge with his quills flaring-- slammed his dick one last time into Stetikekiak before letting it pump furiously into his ass, globs of cum filling the slender bird, with every other spurt drooling out of his ass to the floor. He felt like it was endless. The vampire was utterly, utterly dazed.

Click.

As the two birds were tangled inside each other, John undid the handcuffs.

"T-Taser!" Steti shouted, in glorious, glorious Galactic Common.

The Assistant's wrists were red and aching, but he had just enough dexterity to lower himself down, and just enough stability to retrieve his taser and fire it directly at the vampire's back.

Jittering with sudden paralyzation, the tased Vox let out a weakened, pleasured little screech. His girthy cone slipped further into Steti's ass without him meaning to, and he continued shooting spooge inside, cramping up and attaching himself to the hanging bird, who was now hyper-sensitive as his orgasm slowly died down. John shouted, "I'm gonna cover his eyes!" He clasped the vampire's big, dramatic coat, and wrapped it around his eyes and upper beak, blocking any chance of a glare. Lastly, the Assistant took the handcuffs he'd been previously apprehended with, and pulled the vampire's jittery hands back to clasp them together.

He didn't seem to care. He was drooling with pleasure, and it took a significant pull to bring his sopping-wet dick out of Steti, who groaned in relief.

With him apprehended, John got Steti free, who dropped cautiously to the ground with his length still jittering, cum spooling onto the floor from both his dickhole and ass. The handcuffed vampire began cackling once he was torn from his captive Vox, rolling around a bit on the floor. "I enjoyed our time spent together, bird! Ahah-- we should do it again sometime!"

Steti groaned, shouting back in Tradeband one last time. "Maybe after they get fangs out, eh?!"

John let out a heavy, angry breath. "Man, does Count Cockula ever shut up?"

The two spent a minute panting, then finally hoisted up the apprehended Vox. Since the Maintenance room was right outside Medbay, it wouldn't be that long of a trek. Certainly, having a cackling blinded vampire broadcasting their location the whole time didn't make the winding tunnels any less stressful.

John huffed as he opened door after door through light-headedness. "What the hell didja say to get him to start doing that, Steti?"

"Just... normal Tradeband?" he lied, meek. "Didn't expect it!"

"Well, ya saved both of our lives, so... good on you." John managed a weak laugh, before swiping his ID on one last Maintenance hatch, heading into the overbearing fluorescent lights of Medbay.

Stetikekiak had mixed memories about this department. He never expected to spend so long inundated in it, but the harsh light was welcoming in its own way. Now, though, he was frantically searching through for signs of the orderly, who eventually turned up walking stilted through the halls. This shorter-sized Grey in formal medical attire, including a tie and sterile white shoes, seemed incredibly baffled by the sight in front of him-- a happily-babbling vampire with cuffed hands and a cape over his eyes, lathered in a load of Vox cum, as well as the pair of Assistants looking entirely worse-for-wear. John waved a meek wave.

"What... what..." The orderly shook his hands incredulously, standing over the three as John and Steti lowered their captive vampire to the floor. "What? What!"

"This is vampire," Steti muttered, in Common that now tasted a bit sickly in the beak. "Got turned vampire on asteroid, when CMO cleared of any disease. Was wrong. You need to make un-vampire."

With a toothy grimace, the Grey just shook his head, still unbelieving. "What exact kind of shittery have you gotten yourself into this time, Stetikekiak?" He knelt down, retrieving a pocketed health analyzer to check the relatively uninjured bird on the ground. "Besides, I thought we usually /kill/ vampires."

Steti glanced off and huffed, still exhausted and panicked. "...yes. But you're going to cure and you're not going to kill, because it's new policy." He puffed out his chest to give himself a little authority.

"W-Well," the orderly stammered, "I don't even know that we've invented any cures for vampirism, given..."

The bird forked a claw into the Grey's chest, gently. "You and CMO figure out. Owe me favor, anyway."

Behind him, John managed a little smirk. He exhaled a breath that felt like it'd been held for an hour. At least they'd gotten one down. The orderly stiffened up, grit his teeth, and began to drag the vampire over to a patient room. As he inched away and quacked in protest, the Assistant muttered, "That was /way/ closer than it had-ta be, Steti."

"Yeah." Stetikekiak sighed a little, fogging his visor. "Need little bit tighter execution. Sorry almost got us killed."

"I'm thinkin' we need some help," John mused. After a brief glance around, his eyes landed squarely on the little subordinate Grey who had, once before, assisted in overcoming grave odds. He called over. "Hey, one more thing, for when you're done with that!"

With a frustrated quack, the orderly raised his head to glance back. His large red eyes stared in frustration. Steti and John were now perked up, excited to go on the hunt once more with backup. He already knew what this meant.

"...You two never cease to make my life more difficult," he groaned.

...

"See, this is exactly what I'm talking about."

Steti, John, and the short orderly stomped and trudged and heaved their way through the snowy landscape of Luna. Inside its gigantic biodome, the lunar surface had been oxygenated and hydrated, and the ice mining operation that funded their orbiting space station had quickly rendered the dome cold, snowy, and barely hospitable. Still, it was technically part of the station, and some even considered it 'comfy'. Thus, it was as important to keep safe from dangers as the floating platform in low orbit. In this constantly-cold environment, Steti's tight-fitting, squeaky 'stealth suit', was somehow still keeping the bird at a comfortable temperature. Meanwhile, the Assistant had put on a massively thick fur coat, and the orderly following behind had, too-- but the Grey was still shivering, frustrated, and all-around miserable.

Steti had been following a GPS in one hand, leading them to the last known sighting of their next target.

"What?" John called back.

"Oh, nothing." The orderly huffed and jittered. "Just can't believe I have to help you both out with /another/ of these damn things. I mean, I like my CMO plenty, but we've been on shaky terms this past week, and the vampire thing didn't exactly help that out any."

"But worked out fine!" exclaimed Steti, laughing to himself. "Besides almost dying to, anyway. CMO said could get fangs out, even, right?"

The Grey trudged over a large pile of snow. "I don't get what we're supposed to do against a CHANGELING, Steti."

John called out, "Alleged changeling!"

Plenty amused by the little ayy's protest quacks, Steti tried to keep his tone sage and calm. "With you helping along, we'll figure out."

"It's always 'figure out' with you, bird." The orderly kicked a bale of snow apart, frustrated and, above all, freezing.

The low, windy hurricane air drowned out much more banter after that, and the only sound that emitted through the hilly tundra was Steti's GPS, which continued blinking a high-pitched whine as the group approached. What, exactly, they were approaching-- that wasn't particularly clear yet. After what felt like an hour, they started passing by an abandoned ice mining camp, decrepit buildings jutting out of the cold ground, sometimes only by inches. "Close," Steti murmured, staring at the GPS transponder through frosted-up visor.

The snow was picking up now. It had become a blizzard-- they'd need to find shelter eventually.

Shivering half to death, the Grey muttered, "Th-thanks, Steti. Real helpful."

"Oh, shit!" John spoke with a hushed, but altogether frantic, shout. "I see something out there!"

Far off, over rolling drifts of murky snow, there was a figure, a silhouette darker than the rest of Luna's expansive artificial sky. The human remarked, "Kinda... person-shaped?" His trail of thought was a hopeful one. The thing was hulking. It had the mass of something much, much larger than a person.

Stetikekiak lowered himself a little. The GPS began beeping more quickly, more loudly. "...this is place," he whispered. "We're right at place." With the device blaring the trio's location, it dawned upon the bird that the little cover they had in the snowfall was quickly evaporating.

His beak drooped once he looked back ahead. The shadowy figure in the distance had raised up high, towering above the white lumpy snow around it, and then-- it began coming closer.

Quickly.

Quickly enough that it was already clear they wouldn't be able to outpace it.

John yelled, "RUN!"

The trio broke into a sprint, Steti and John leading the retreat and the orderly waddling behind them, quacking and complaining that they'd freeze to death before the monster could even reach them. Its massive and hulking approach kicked apart snow and rocketed through the ground, and only a panicking Steti provided direction, pointing out a small leaning metal building only half-covered by frostfall. "Snowmobile cabin!" the bird shouted, his breath heavily tolled. The scamper was difficult for all three of them, and they could hear it thudding, thudding, thudding its way towards them.

When the Grey reached the sliding, rusted metal door, he gripped the frozen metal handle to push it open, to little avail. Steti came by next, squawking weakly as he put his entire weight against what was clearly a futile effort. As the quaking sounds of the thing came closer, John wrapped both his arms around the handle. Raw adrenaline drove the man to push and push and push until his body nearly gave out-- and then finally, with the three's combined efforts, they heaved the door open, tumbled inside, and shut it behind them.

A moment later, the thing slammed into the closed metal door, screaming in an inhuman, distorted tone, leaving the heavy metal dented. Steti stumbled back and dropped the GPS; it clattered across the floor until whamming into a back wall, shattering into pieces.

"Thing of sh-shit!" he wailed, heaving and panting and wishing he'd never done this in the first place.

THUD. It was huffing and grunting as it tried to pound the door apart.

John glanced around the nearly pitch-black room, with tools and equipment and defunct snowmobiles lined up against walls, all mostly broken-looking. "What the hell are we gonna do now?!" he called to the Grey and Steti.

THUD.

The bird just murmured, "D-Don't... don't know." His eyes were glued to the heavy steel door, which was already seeing damage from the repeated banging and pelting from the thing outside.

THUD.

Having sat a short distance away in a fetal position, the Grey shook with near-frostbite. "C-CMO's g-gonna kill me wh-when he f-finds out I g-got killed w-without his s-supervision..."

THUD.

Stetikekiak and John tilted their heads slowly to the orderly. Although they were panicked, and the monstrous sound of the collapsing door filled the air, they both latched onto what he had said. The human whispered, "You have mind powers, don't you? Tell the CMO to come help!"

THUD.

"No use!" the freezing Grey protested. "He's all the way up in the station! We're not gonna last five MINUTES!" He quacked again, wailing out into the still-cold air of the shack's interior. He wouldn't even get the comfort of dying warm.

THUD.

The bird rubbed the beak-part of his helmet curiously. "Sure, no help from CMO," he squawked, "but listen to thing outside! Listen to see if can negotiate!"

THUD.

"What are you, insane?! I'm not gonna get into whatever that thing's thoughts are!" With a frantic shake of his head, the Grey shut his eyes just from the concept.

John lurched over a little, still panting. "Not sure we've got any better idea, y'know," he reminded the Grey.

THUD. The door was buckling in.

There was no other option. Frozen breath filled the room as the orderly wrapped his arms further around himself and tried, desperately, to focus. His brow furrowed and he clutched his big football-shaped head, putting all his mental energy forth towards the collapsing door. Then, a mind. A voice in the fog. A sapient something that he could feel, tangible amidst the chaos.

"...It's... gotten t-turned into a-a horror form, a-and can't ch-change back," the Grey whispered, nearly squealing from the effort. "No hivemind, no w-way to... c-communicate w-with anybody... n-no use to a-anybody." He winced as another, more primal thought entered his head. "A-And it ate a moon d-deer recently th-that tasted great."

THUD. THUD. CRASH.

The door completely caved in, torn off its hinges with violence. The standing Assistant tumbled back into the darkness of the room once the sunlight struck in, and Stetikekiak found himself recoiling into a corner as well, trying to utilize the 'stealth' of his form-fitting 'stealth suit'. The poor orderly found himself splayed on the floor on his back, freezing cold and helpless as the hulking figure showed itself. The half-humanoid half-beast may have once resembled a person, but was now gargantuan, with fleshy tentacles and thick, plated appendages. Once it spotted the helpess Grey, it clambered inside with a steady growl, its whole figure writhing. None of them could tell where it started and where it ended.

Mortified, the orderly pleaded with muted quacks and whimpers. It was no help, as the horror just came closer and closer, until it was looming over him, showing rows of teeth in a gaping, animalistic maw.

"P-Please," he wailed.

Steti couldn't let it happen. He stepped out of the darkness- which might not have been obscuring his shiny self much anyway, in retrospect- and spoke firmly. "Y-You know, Grey could... r-really use big solid body to warm up!"

The horrifying beast looked around briefly, and then trained its many-eyed gaze back on the orderly, who shook with horror and tried to block his face from the inevitable devouring. But it would be of no use. He was grabbed by the thing's many swirling appendages, clasping him in claws and tentacles until he was utterly doomed.

John yelped out in fear for the Grey.

Steti clenched his claws, mortified.

...but the horror just held the orderly, its loud, animalistic groaning starting to go quiet. It enveloped him further, propping him up off the ground and holding him closer to its slow-breathing body, stepping forth a bit. There was an overwhelming heat emanating from it, enough that the previously-trembling Grey found himself... very warm. He was still mortified, but his breath started to slow, too, and he settled into it a little. "...That's... actually pretty nice," he murmured.

"Changelings a-are still sapient," John whispered. "It's... still a person, in there."

Steti and him both watched in awe as the orderly received soft, cautious cuddles. The 'beast' had a hulking, hot breath, which was all the freezing Grey could have asked for, and he nodded a little. "I c-can hear it th-thinking through this," he managed, his expression turning to a weak smile. He reached his arms up around the horror form, and reciprocated the cuddling, holding onto alien appendages and donating his own dwindling warmth to their collective pile. "Y-Yeah, f-from... from Medbay, up above," he murmured, responding to thoughts in his head.

For the first time in days, he found that he was actually calm.

The bird walked up closer, his lithe form held low, hands low to appear nonthreatening. "Think if... the station can't find use for you," he cawed to the horror, "they're being stupid. And if you aren't genome sucking, not so dangerous to anyone!"

A huff. The huge thing nodded, and then the Grey nodded, too, managing a cautious chuckle. "Y-Yeah..." It seemed satisfied, holding the orderly close. Satisfied enough that he held the man even closer, looming his toothy maw over his frail form. "So you can... come back with us," he quacked, quickly becoming muted by the horror's weight on his chest, "and w-we'll vouch for you! How's that sound?"

All that was returned was a solid, unbroken stare. Every eye on the orderly, pressed up tight against the belly of the beast.

There was a clear mental connection, and a clear tension.

"...you c-can feel that, huh," the orderly squeaked out. He had been overwhelmed by all the touch, and begun to poke out against his trousers, needy even if unwelcome.

Yes, the thing seemed to indicate, it could feel that. And, in return, it began to grow. There was a sizable, mutated erection between its rear legs, something in-between alien and humanoid with dripping pre, slipping out of its slit as the tip gently approached the Grey's clothed rear.

It dawned on Steti and the Assistant immediately; once the orderly realized, his weakened arms started going to protest, clawing to be free, panic and unexpected arousal moving his pinned limbs as best he could. It was of no use. The hulking thing's many appendages held him tighter, and free-floating, slightly slick tentacles slipped his belt out of his pants, and then dropped his white orderly trousers to his knees, revealing a needy dick that he was very unsure how to feel about. Seemingly, deep down, he was very much enjoying this, but through his panting, hot breath, he stammered, "O-Oh, d-dammit, CMO's not g-gonna be happy if I--"

He was lowered a little. For a moment the Grey was just suspended underneath the horror, but then it thrusted forwards, shoving a hulking dick over his body. He shuddered and moaned from the sudden sensation, arms and legs wrapped around the thing's meaty, half-humanoid length. His whole body, his comparatively meager penis, all of it became a sleeve that the horror could rut against, thrusting again and again. He'd changed his tune. Within a few thrusts, he was emitting weakened, breathy quacks of joy.

Steti and the Assistant watched in awe. For a little while, they were just spectators, standing a small distance away, still at a low ready, but then the horror lurched forwards at them, while still keeping the Grey in its grip. Neither of them had a moment to react; John was grabbed by one of its front claws and his body slammed down by a few tentacles, and Steti was swept off his talons, a tentacle grabbing him by one of his slender rubber-clad legs and lifting him up as he cawed in protest.

"I-I'm not s-sure was ready f-for this!" Steti squawked. The Assistant tried to mouth out some kind of protest as well, but was instantly snuffed out as several fleshy tentacles went into his mouth, starting to throatfuck him without warning, and a few other slick appendages extended out of the horror to pull open his coat and zip open his jumpsuit. Even if he was initially too surprised to be aroused, tentacles wrapped around his dick and brought him quickly to full hardness, making a little onahole and thrusting his hips into them.

The room was quickly filled with nothing but squeaks and moans as the gigantic, many-limbed horror had all three men in its grasp. Stetikekiak was held by his leg and suspended upside-down. He helped it along, panting so hard that his visor became foggy, by pressing the button on his perineum and flopping out his sopping-wet dick against his belly. Quickly, a flurry of tentacles gripped his asscheeks tightly, and began to fuck him with vigor, slicking into his tight cheeks and massaging them with dexterity. He was being /filled/ now, and went wide-eyed, free leg falling limp and drooping down with the rest of his torso. At first he thought the changeling's meaty tentacles were just for gripping and movement, but soon he realized they were all dripping precum into his ass, making it lubricated to the point of ease. He felt prehensile limbs probe his inside, ravage his prostate, and force a great deal of pleasure into him.

A loud sound of ripping and tearing erupted from the horror. It seemed that it was adapting to grow more tentacles out of its swirling mess, and as it rutted against the Grey and used him for pleasure, it gripped John and the slender, squeaky Vox with more and more limbs, bringing them ever-closer. Soon all three could see each other being fucked, but they were too overwhelmed with their own pleasure to do anything to escape.

The Grey coughed out, "D-Don't l-let me f-finish..." and his voice weakly trailed off into another series of moans. The horror seemed to empathize with him, impossibly, but it had no intention of holding off its own orgasm. With a screeching roar that filled the whole room, it bucked its hips in climax and spewed heaps of cum all over the orderly from its throbbing monster cock. He was drenched in hot seed, finally warmed to the point of comfort. As it came from its main cock, its many tentacles followed suit and spewed inside both John and Steti; the former was forced to suck down seed as it spurted in hot jets from the appendages stuck in his mouth, and the latter was filled to the brim as well as covered in cum by the tentacles holding him in place.

John wrestled weakly against the grip of the many-tentacled thing as he came, his whole body stiffening up in overwhelmed orgasm. His human spunk filled the air and covered the tentacles that had formed an onahole over his tip, and the horror gripped him tighter once he went over the edge. For Steti, in-between two guttural squawks he found himself unable to take it, filled to the brim with cum to the point that he thought he might feel it dribble out his beak. He bucked his hips involuntarily and his blue cone began spurting over himself and the floor, legs trembling; all his blood had gone to his head. Birdseed and monster cum absolutely covered the Vox in his rubber, quill-tight suit, to the point that it shone gloriously in the light from outside.

Then, nothing could be heard but the collective panting and moaning from all three men, the huffing of the horror, and the blizzard from outside.

The orderly was slowly let down to the ground, his dick rock-hard but his mind resisting the urge to jerk off. He stared happily up at the changeling and bathed in the literal puddle of semen and afterglow. "Wasn't h-half bad... weird damn thing," he quacked. The horror gave him a happy nod, all its many tentacles retracting back to free the exhausted bird and human.

John weakly coughed out, "I-Isn't this... this stuff g-gonna..." He flopped his arm at the cum which covered him. "...infect us? G-Grow into another body?"

As the Grey slowly stood, he clearly had a newfound calm. His legs were trembling, of course, but it was because he was simply overwhelmed, not freezing to death. "It's not a thing-type thing, it's just a Ling." He brushed himself off, and the horror form Changeling agreed with a happy grunt. It headed off to a corner of the room and settled there. Time to rest, it seemed.

For the others, they began to clean themselves off. Steti had the easiest time of it, huffing with satisfaction as he stuffed his drenched dick back in his suit and wiped off the rubber, and he proceeded to help dry off and wipe down the other two. A lot of the tension they had heading out into the snow had, more or less, been fucked right out of them.

"Might want head back soon?" Steti asked quietly. He wasn't particularly attached to the idea

Cold crept in from the outside. John weakly replied, "Snow's pickin' up even more. We should give the wind time to fade." The bird nodded, let out some air. Before he went to explore the room, though, he gripped his boyfriend close. It was a tight enough hug that the man was a little surprised, before laughing softly and settling into it.

Steti squawked softly, "Little warmth, tide you over." 

"...d'aw." John's cheeks went a little flush. The two stayed close for a little while longer than necessary, with the Grey giving them a curious look, before the bird finally broke off to explore the room.

Although the snowmobiles were trashed beyond function, the large wood heater in the side of the room didn't look too badly dinged up. "I'll start proper heating," Steti called out. He wiped off some dust off from the top, retrieved an old Zippo discarded on the floor, and lit the load of firewood.

And it was settled, then. The three heaved the big, dented metal door over the entrance, and finally took a post-bliss breather. The blizzard outside faded to a muted whisper, and the crackle of the fire overtook that anxiety for a little while. In the back, the resting horror growled in satisfaction, and shut its many eyes.

The trio sat around the heater. After a second to rest, the orderly let out a huff. "...Good idea trying to negotiate, I guess," he admitted.

John chuckled softly. "We're lucky it was still friendly. Gonna be honest, I was expectin' the worst there, for a sec."

Stetikekiak laughed softly. His voice was a little murmur, bashful. "I was... kinda expected would go down like it did, eheh. Think it's just special strategy for every different 'foe'. Had suspicion week spent in snow alone would make little, ah... pent, maybe."

"You know, Steti," the Grey said, somewhere between awed and miffed, "you might not be a Head of Staff yet, but you're really the..." He trailed off, trying to think of the words. "The... the... the Chief Slut, if anything."

Tension broken from the air, John laughed wildly, shaking his boyfriend in the kinksuit a little. "Yeah, or... Head of the Penis."

The orderly started to cheer up. "Research Dickrector!"

But between them, Steti was a little angry. He groaned through his softsuit helmet. "Didn't-- *intend* be good at what I'm good at. Just happened." He glanced at John as both him and the Grey calmed down a bit, pulling back their enthusiasm. "Tried lots of things in my life before this, and all failed! But... it seems like kind of makes things better here. And for first time, kind of proud of that." The bird chuckled a little, just thinking of it, looking down at his sitting self. "Even if it's weird. Very weird! And obviously am weird bird in squeaky kink suit."

His eyes went to the fire. The heat, the burning sensation, was a safe distance away. His thoughts drifted to when it was so, so painfully close, when he was beaten half to death by an electrified baton for daring to lay down his weapon. Even though it was at a safe distance now, it felt as if it would be so easy for them not to be that way.

"...but at least fewer people getting hurt," he murmured.

John hugged him very suddenly, arms wrapped around him for comfort. "Ya know, Steti, I wouldn't have my boyfriend any other way than weird." Through all the chaos, he couldn't help but smile, holding such a curious Vox so intimately. "I love ya, you know."

Steti let out an embarrassed little warble, and crossed his legs. "...well, don't need go crazy with." But he happily reciprocated the hug anyway.

The Grey had been focussed on the fire a little bit. He huffed once the two had finished their rather romantic moment. "So... if you did your magic with that vampire and this changeling, what's next?"

After a moment's pause, the bird said, "Well, there's cult growing, and some revolution, too. Have to figure out solution to problem one way or other."

"Well." The orderly bit down a little bit, gritting his teeth. "Not sure how to put this, but, uh... I'm kind of... part of that revolution, just a little bit."

John and Steti looked at him with sudden horror. The Assistant spoke firmly. "And when were you planning to tell us?!"

The Grey huffed. "I'm very intimate with one of the Heads of Staff! What was I supposed to do, broadcast that out to my revolutionaries and get my head taken off?" He stared defensively at the two. "Besides, my plan was to try and get them to do their whole thing nonviolently. You know, negotiate something!"

Immediately, the Vox facepalmed his helmet. "Station is good, has good people, but negotiate means Nanotrasen get involved. Nanotrasen is kind of people who would just kill Vox Raider or vampire or subversive Grey orderly."

"Oh," said the orderly.

He glanced weakly back to the floor. He couldn't deny that much. But he still muttered, "...if I do nothing, they're gonna kill my CMO. And if you two like each other so much, then... you've got to get how important that is to me."

The room fell quiet. For a while, all the three could do was sit around the fire, letting the fire dry their clothes. There was an antsy air between them, fear for the future. They'd gotten this far, but Steti didn't even know how to formulate a plan for the revolution, and the cult. All he managed, a sole cut into the silence, was a vague, "You'll bring to revolution and we'll help talk down. Has to be good way, if you're part of." But the Grey was pretty non-responsive.

After a while, the snow cleared up. The orderly went over to wake up the horror, who had taken to a comfortable nap in the warm cabin. "Stained me pretty bad," he said, chuckling, "but I'm not going to just leave you down here."

"And you'll make good crewmember in time!" Steti called over, trying to manage enthusiasm.

The thing seemed joyful from this assurance. As they opened the door once more, it scooped Steti up and hurried into the snow, and carried the slender bird along through the snow. He chittered with fear and amusement, but no matter his response, he was along for the ride. John and the orderly did their best to keep up through the lunar snowfields, and the journey back was blissfully uneventful.

With a slightly less frozen Grey, the three reached the small landing outpost, which was completely unoccupied. The air inside wasn't particularly warmer than inside, and various coats were missing from the racks, despite none of the trio seeing anyone else out in the snow. "...Man, uh. I thought we had more crew," John muttered.

"Did," Steti said, a little hint of anxiety in his voice.

The Mining shuttle had even remained landed in the same position as when they came down to Luna. It was just large enough to accomodate the hulking horror if it bowed its head, though it didn't seem that happy with the short ceiling. "Going up," John announced, sitting at the controls. "To, uh... whatever's left waiting for us." He clicked a few buttons, racked a few knobs, and the autopilot did basically all the work.

As the ship lifted up off the Moon's surface, there was an odd calm, a quiet in the air. They exited atmosphere quickly and the shuttle guided itself automatically towards the station platform, a rather large and expansive thing that Stetikekiak had been calling home for at least six months, now. He sat in one of the inward-facing chairs, and saw the orderly suck in a pensive breath just as the ship got ready to dock.

Suddenly, the Grey unbuckled and stood. From a pocket in his labcoat, he pulled a small device with a green bulb-- a flash.

He used it on the horror's eyes before either Steti or John could react, stunning it thoroughly. He went for the Assistant next, gritting his teeth and trying to get the bulb into the man's cone of vision, but he managed to fight it off, grunting and yelling for Steti's help, who came over, filled with betrayal. They both began to wrestle it from the frantically quacking Grey's hands before the ship docked, sending everyone to the floor from the force-- and then the horror got back up first.

It flung Steti and John away, to the back of the shuttle. "Goddamnit," John groaned, "we're trying to HELP YOU, dumbass!" With heavy room-filling grunts, it scooped up the orderly and hurried out of the shuttle. 

"I'm sorry!" the orderly called back. "I have to try to save my CMO, any way I can!" Right he was carried off, though, he reached over to press the DEPART button on the neighboring terminal outside, and the shuttle's airlock shut before either the human or Vox could dart for the exit.

Sent off again, the ship flung both of them around. Steti screeched, "WANT OFF WILD RIDE!" It bounced around the two for a while before they finally managed to scramble back to the controls and send the ship back to dock, but by then it was far too late. The two crawled out of the shuttle worse for wear into an empty hallway, and continued forth in unending, unoccupied halls. The station platform was quiet to a terrible degree.

"If horror is helping out revolution, it's going to be bloodbath!" the bird squawked. "Need to find NOW!"

John grunted. "I know, I know!"


Steti lead them to Medbay, his suit squeaking as he tried to pick up the pace, but as they rounded one flatly-lit hallway corner to approach, they found themselves face-to-face with a crowd of five or six people in hooded dark robes. The Assistant tried to back up and fell flat on his ass, and Steti could only blurt out, "W-Wait! You're-- cult! Can help to--"

Then, one of the cultists retrieved a slip of paper from his robe and held it up in front of them, displaying arcane runes. It flashed violently, and their vision went black.

...

...What an idiot Steti felt like.

He'd trusted a revolutionary and tried to plead with a cultist, instead of making the right decision, to beat them down the same way he'd been beaten. It was never going to save anyone to be so stupid, so naive.

He woke with aching in his bones, still clad in his tight kinksuit, tied to a chair. The air was flowing and cool, and fans were on low all around. This was a candlelit maintenance closet, but one dedicated to atmospherics-- probably higher up in the station, and incredibly remote. Even if he hadn't dropped and broken the GPS earlier, they would still never get found. The room was small, but adorned in deep red and black decorations in arcane shapes, runes dotting the walls, and the airlock held shut with a latch lever.

Stetikekiak didn't seem to rouse any of the others in the room, as his helmet hid his open eyes. Instead, he saw the five cultists arguing amongst themselves. He immediately identified them to be the dregs of the station-- nerds and losers and creeps of various varieties who had had a lousy time with their department, or, in one case with the Librarian, believed themselves superior to the others. The aforementioned Librarian was a 'dungeon master' during his employment hours, and now quite the egomaniac when surrounded by his hooded compatriots. "No, idiot! I know what I'm talking about! Mgar means 'teleporter'!"

The nerdy human Researcher scowled at him, folding his arms defensively and scoffing. "Mgar means 'truth', and 'love'. If we just asked Nar-Sie for help, he'd tell us that much."

Across from them both was the twink from Engineering, who had never been the brightest fellow. He stated, "I don't wanna make any more blood piles to talk to Nar-Sie..."

"I have'th idea!" announced the spindly, incredibly lightweight Vox, with an almost skeletal figure and crazy eyes. His voice was a lower rasp, and Steti recognized him as a very disgruntled Mechanic who'd gotten demoted last week. "We'thll commune Nar-Sie to give'th to Cult Guns, too! Then commune all'th workth effort, ha!"

In the back, sitting with his head in his palms, was an Insectoid, a doctor who Steti remembered being casually interested in the occult. "You are all complete moronz," he muttered. "The runez mean different thingz every Blood Cycle. We have to rezearch what the wordz mean. If you'd juzt done the reading that I e-mailed you all yezterday..."

The argument looped back to the Librarian, who just groaned angrily. "We are NOT going to read your tabloids and Deeptongue fanfiction when we've got the real thing right here." He slapped the surface of a rocky protrusion out of the metal, some kind of ritual table. "Besides, I've got a plan that means we won't have to worry about any of it. Get the Assistant awake."

On command, the spindly Vox and Insectoid doctor shook awake John, who was tied similarly to a chair, though his was planted right on top of an intimidating, large rune. He was groggily conscious for only a second before both cultists began chanting undulating tones, and a few huge beams of light enveloped John, trapping him within as they converted him-- after they faded, he looked ahead with a new energy in his eyes. "Oh, shit," he murmured, "well, there goes my free will."

"Hell yeah!" the Engineer twink said, grinning ear-to-ear.

"Now that you're awake, I can detail my plan!" The Librarian untied John, who stood unsteadily at first. He was given some folded robes by the Researcher nerd, and changed into them with near-robotic movements. "As you may know about us, we have been suppressed for weeks now. The cult of the Geometer of Blood is... admittedly, in ruin!" The Librarian stepped around the room, announcing to his room of slightly doubtful followers, and the seemingly-unconscious Steti. "Nobody in this station sees us as worthy of validation! Except the violent kind."

He stepped over to something in the center of the room, hidden under a dirty sheet. "We've resorted to this air vent maintenance room because we have nowhere left to go. But with the chaos being sown by this revolution outside, and with a recent innovation, we might actually be able to get some comeuppance on these people! We'll catch them ALL with their hands down!" The sleazebag tore the sheet up, unfurling it and revealing the 'innovation' underneath-- a toxic-yellow canister that looked big enough to contain a lot of pressurized gas. 

The Librarian stood up on top of it, his heavy robes flopping about. "In this, I've mixed a concoction that will force all the station's crew to listen to us! An aerated substance that ought to instantly convert the masses into whatever we tell them to!" He knocked on the canister with his shoe, producing a heavy metallic sound. "Should even catch the revs, too!"

Amazed, the Researcher adjusted his glasses and nodded in affirmative, and the thin Vox chant-cawed. The twink Engineer whispered, "Zany atmospherics stuff...!" in awe.

Still a little dazed, the Assistant mumbled, "Seems a little far fetched, all that."

Meanwhile, the Insectoid doctor was overtly skeptical, and even annoyed. "How do you ztill think your crazy planz are going to work? What kind of chemical would even do that?!" He chittered angrily and paced around the room, staring at the dried blood runes all over the walls. "I thought when I joined we'd actually make movez! Embrace the occult! We'd get zwordz and zummon abominationz and build a mighty fortrezz for worship!"

The Librarian let out a breath, and sat down on the canister. "Well, it's our last shot at all this. Stupid Nar-Sie keeps giving other stations only two leaders at a time, and they keep dying. So if revolutionaries take the place over and get it raided by cleaner squads, our order is pretty much doomed."

Knelt up by the human, holding onto every word that he said, the spindly Vox asked, "A-And where'th does to Stetikekiak come'th into plan? No problem grabbing, ha, but when... 'th do convert?"

"Well." The human smirked, feeling all the way in control. "We need good luck for this last assault on the Status Quo. Since Nar-Sie refused to deliver us our shipment of JO crystals-" He pointed at Steti, who began to pant more heavily, and it became clear that he was awake. "-we're going to sacrifice this station's trophy husband, and please our Geometer of Blood!"

Stetikekiak was untied and held by the thin Engineer and underweight Vox. Despite being pushovers, Steti wasn't exactly strong either, and was easily held in their grip, as he tried desperately to resist. All he could do now was plead, with the smirking, smug Librarian looking him over like a stuck pig. He squawked, "Y-You don't have to settle using force! Killing and getting killed, no more of it! Can get you good terms with crew!" His breath grew heavy. They had to listen to him, didn't they? He was heroic! He was the person the Captain trusted with this task! "Already s-solved problem with vampire and changeling-- don't see why can't have... h-helpful cult, just... laying around!"

The Engineer kneed him in the stomach. Steti groaned falling to his digitigrade knees, feeling incredibly vulnerable in his tight rubber suit. It was no use. Not even his Assistant would listen to him, let alone the other cultists who were already ready to sacrifice him to their deity. What use was a peace offering?

He couldn't just go into it with best intentions, like all those years ago, when he was beaten half to death. Back then, the lesson he'd taken was that there was no way at all to settle it nonviolently.

The true lesson, which came to him in that exact moment, was that if he wanted to solve this, he couldn't just be friendly.

He had to be *shrewd*.

Stetikekiak's voice grew deeper, more primal. He broke away the part of him that relented, and growled to the Librarian with vicious intention.

"...Or, could just fuck me."

He snapped his beak within his helmet. "Get one last carnal pleasure before sacrifice. Satisfaction of *flesh*, something Nar-Sie won't grant you. Really planning to screw constructs all eternal life? Half of might just die along the way!"

The bird grasped the twinky, himbo Engineer beside him, clasping his groin and holding a rather large floppy dick within the robes. He announced to the room, "Let me do what am good at, bunch of HIPPIES."

He wasn't kneed again. Instead, the other cultists remained fairly stunned, unsure how to feel about his tirade. The only sound in the room was Steti pulling open the Engineer's cultist robe, revealing a feminine, naked body underneath, which he began to massage, gloved claws clutching his growing length as he stared fiercely at the rest of the cult. "Nice," the Engineer chuckled.

The raspy thin Vox said, "I don't will'th mind that idea..."

Nervously, the Insectoid doctor rolled his beady eyes and said, "Wouldn't be the worzt thing to take the mind off thiz abzurd plan."

"Yeah," the Researcher said, "I-I'd be... that'd be cool."

It seemed that the tide had turned with his cult. Groaning, the Librarian relented. "Well, fine. One last time before the arrival of our lord, I suppose." With his cult leader approving, John nodded weakly, clearly still in a fugue.

Steti was finally able to stand on his own. With the Engineer beside him already grinning and ready, the bird stood in front of him and waggled his thighs against his hard, pinkish dick. His sleek rubber-clad legs and the growing bulge in his suit helped to grind feverishly with him, and the human started panting and groaning. In fact, it was a bit overacted-- Steti had always gotten the impression that this particular Engie was desperate for something like this to happen on the job.

Behind the bird, the group of cultists were pushing each other aside to take their sacrificial prize, staring at Steti's slender figure. The Librarian finally took his place in front of all the others, pulling open his cult robes and going to the Vox's backside, jerking himself hard and then hotdogging against the bird's cheeks. They were smooth and modest, and with the latex covering his ass, it was a tight, warm fit. "...Oh, d-damn, that's... good," the man muttered. Stetikekiak had no room to speak. He just kept up his hip-waggling, every movement massaging both humans. Although he was getting stiff in his suit, it was clear that the best he could do here was buy time for a miracle.

Behind them, the cultists were growing unruly. The scrawny Vox had been jerking off his cone from through the robes, and called out in a hacking squawk, "Not enough'th damn room! Get'th all a turn! CAW!"

"Hnnf," the Librarian grunted as he leaked on Steti's tail, "A-At least lemme have a round with him first!"

"I'm not getting zloppy zecondz becauze of a ztupid 'Dungeon Mazter'!" shouted the doctor, who started to push through the others, lifting up Steti slightly.

The Researcher helped him hoist up the bird. "Y-Yeah, blood-sharing is blood-caring! Th-that's Nar-Sie's teachings!"

Before he knew it, Steti had been tossed on top of the stone tablet, a flat surface wide enough to act as a ritual table. He squawked in surprise. All around him, the cultists crowded around his splayed-out body, planted on his back, vulnerable in every imaginable way. It was a bit of a glorious place to be, and the candlelit den made him shine like a star. He waggled his hips a little bit to show off his cone, pressing tightly against latex and poking upward, and he unfurled his tail over the edge of the table.

Steti began servicing the two who had taken him first. The librarian hovered over him, so the bird began massaging his pinkish balls and rather undersized dick, his claws fitting nearly over his length as he jerked. With his other hand, he reached to the twinky Engineer, who moaned breathily upon being touched. Steti slid one claw, then two claws, into the man's ass, reaching under his sack and massaging him tightly.

"Hey, S-Steti," the Assistant murmured. He'd put himself between the bird's legs and opened his robe to let free his girth, and pressed the button on Steti's crotch to free his dripping cock and tight hole. Needy, and possessed by some arcane force, he rutted against the Vox's ass.

He had two appendages left to use. He splayed his legs and waggled them a bit, and both the doctor and Researcher seized their opportunity. "Alwayz been curioz if thiz iz as good az it iz in the pornoz," said the Insectoid, as he opened his robe to reveal a slit between his chitinous legs. He moved Steti's talons to either side of his opening, and the bird instantly understood to clench and claw slightly with his sleek rubber-wrapped toes. The bug's dick grew out of the slit slowly, a pale beige length with pointed tip that massaged between the bird's talons as it came out. He chittered like a cicada and continued to grow out, rather excited. It was an evolutionary miracle-- Steti had discovered a type of bug that *liked* being stepped on.

Meanwhile, the Researcher nerd imitated the doctor and clutched Steti's talons, but soon his needs became more complicated as he brought the bird's leg up, grabbing his foot near his face and frotting against Steti's thigh. "If you d-don't mind, um, dear Sacrifice, I'm j-just gonna..." He wanted to engorge himself. It was a lot to focus on, as now Stetikekiak had to waggle his talons to play with the man's mouth and face. He was sucking on them, now, leaking all over the Vox's rubber-clad leg.

For a little while, it was a true test of Steti's skills. He actually found himself loving it-- the two men beside him that he could massage and jerk directly, the two weirdos getting his legs to themselves, and his Assistant, who loomed over and prodded the bird's ass with a rock-hard tip. What Stetikekiak wasn't expecting, though, was the scrawny Vox to crawl on top of the ritual slab. He'd stripped off the robes completely, leaving his underweight body naked and open to see, his dripping dick low-hanging and long out of its slit. He sat on top of Steti's chest on shuddering talons, and grinned wide like a maniac. "A-And time'th for my turn, HA!" he squawked. From this angle, Steti could notice some kind of tattoo on his belly, underneath scraggly quills-- some kind of arcane rune where a womb might have been for a female Vox.

At first, it was just making Steti more turned on to have such degenerate eye candy, but then the scrawny bird went further than he was expecting. With two claws, he began undoing Steti's helmet, starting with the many latches on his neck. Instantly, he was alarmed beyond belief, beginning to pant and panic, but all of him was occupied pleasuring the rest of the cult in the feverish gangbang, and by the time he had a chance to intervene, his helmet had already fully come off.

The bird looked at it briefly, nad then tossed it to the side. It just clattered to the floor.

Steti's scarred and disfigured face contorted into horror in the open air. "W-Wasn't ready!" he pleaded. "D-Didn't... want that part!" But the rest of the room wasn't listening, or even caring to pay attention. They were fascinated with him still, awash in pleasure. As the scrawny cultist bird flopped his leaking cone in front of Steti's face, he was suddenly overwhelmed, too, just like the rest of them. He took in a little breath and made the decision to just roll with it anyhow.

He reached out his tongue and wrapped it around the bird's cock, caressing and lapping up the copious precum. He was suddenly astounded by how great it was to taste dick at last, something he'd never had his beak on, despite his many ventures with the station's crew. A sudden thrust from John, filling Steti's ass completely with girthy human cock, finally gets him to moan out into open air, and he had no more qualms about any of it. He bowed his head forward and sucked the Vox's length with his tongue, enveloping it in a tight wrap, and then opened his beak fully to let him slide it fully in. The scrawny bird moaned, "Y-Yeah, this'th that best of best, caw! CAW!"

Steti's slicked up hands were already making progress with the humans beside him, and having a dick to service with his beak made him even more comfortable. He was dealing with six men at once, and got to work finishing off the Librarian and Engineer. With two claws up in the twink's ass, he pressed up far enough to get to his prostate, poking it roughly and intimately, and the man squeaked and gasped like a pornstar, before spurting lines of cum over and across Steti's chest. His tight grip against the Librarian and one last squeeze of his glans managed to make him finish with a loud, weakened grunt. "Oh, f-f-fuuuck, haa-aahh..."

His fluid movements with his legs was eliciting a hell of a reaction, too. The Insectoid chittered happily and lost himself in the fun-- the stick up his ass had evaporated, and in its place was a chittering buzzing bug with his sopping-wet white cock pushing between two tightly-gripping talons. "It'z... z-zurprizingly... z-zmooth..." he blurted out, before reaching climax so violent that he looked like a roach who'd been splattered with a glob of glue. Spurts of pale bug seed went across Steti's rubber-clad leg and made it shine even more in the candlelight, and he nearly fell over onto the ritual tablet. All the while, he nearly choked the Researcher with his talons, and the nerd jerked himself to orgasm without much intervention at all, spewing across Steti's thigh and tail.

Lastly, he focused on the scrawny Vox's dick. Steti brought his cum-lathered hands back to help massage the bird, pressing on his stomach to massage his internal testes and jerking the base of his bluish cone while sucking on the tip. It was lovely, being able to feel his throbbing dick so intimately. It didn't take the frail Mechanic long to go over the edge. He was awash with pleasure, using the slender Vox as a fucktoy, and as he began spewing thick birdseed down his beak, he grabbed the bird's head-quills for support. It only took a few more hip-bucks and moans before, like most of the rest of them, he was spent to the point of dazed glee.

The five men swirled in orgasm. With their dicks exhausted, and pleasure having taken out so much of their tension, they turned to a point of comfort-- Steti himself. They crawled onto the ritual table, more happy to worship him than their actual Blood Geometer, and cuddled his rubber-clad and cum-dripping body. The scrawny Vox cawed under his breath, "Best... thing'th to captive, ha... guess w-wouldn'th minded keep around'th little longer." Even with him joining the body pile, the ritual tablet was wide enough to accomodate the entire hedonistic congregation.

But there was still John. The Assistant had been pounding Steti all the while, and although he was clearly out of it mentally, his body was shaking with pleasure. The bird wrapped both legs around his back and beckoned him in. He was begging for his boyfriend to let it all out, as he squeaked and moaned with every thrust that spread his ass. Finally, John broke, falling onto his boyfriend's belly and filling his rear with needy, desperate spurts. There was still haziness in his eyes, but he'd been satisfied thoroughly. He pulled out, letting seed drip from Steti, and finally the moment was at peace.

Stetikekiak rested happily on his back. Maybe things wouldn't be so bad, after all. The whole cult was still swirled around him cuddling his kinksuit-clad body. There was some luxury to feeling worshipped, and he laid back with his dick throbbing, confident that he could work a way out of this.

The moment was shattered when John retrieved something from the floor. He raised up suddenly, hoisting up a curved ritual knife above Stetikekiak with two hands, and he prepared to plunge it down into the bird's vulnerable body. His stiff voice came out as if possessed. "Sorry, Steti, but we both know this cult doesn't have time to spare."

Steti's eyes went wide as the knife fell, and with it, the world fell down,

down,

down.

There was no longer any maintenance closet, and there were no longer any cultists. Steti's limp and weak body fell into a cloudy kaleidoscope of arcane colors, the kind no eyes were ever meant to witness. It was a gestating mess all around him, and he was falling through the void. He could feel his limbs nearly being torn apart.

In the infinite distance, Steti could see planets colliding and reforming, demonic shapes flitting to and fro. He tried to scream, but his voice could only muster the weakest squawk. When the hellishness of it dawned on him, he just gave up and went utterly limp.

Then, in front of him, an all-encompassing shape lifted out of the cloudy expanse.

It was huge, hovering on tendrily arms and lifting out two massive appendages on either side of its body. Steti's vision couldn't even focus fully on the thing, as its black and red exterior contorted in fractal form to evade understanding, but even with his senses failing him, he knew what this was.

He knew *who* this was.

Stetikekiak was intimidated to the point of abject horror. He wrapped his arms around himself to try and stay warm as a cold chill went down his spine.

Nar-Sie hummed an ear-shattering hum, vibrating Steti's whole body. It undulated, "This is the sacrifice they've sent me?"

He recoiled from the force, and muttered in response. "...Y-Yes. Am... am sacrifice. They want more good luck for new insane plot to coup de grace whole station while Revolution's going on."

"They want MORE from me?" it thudded in response. The universe shuddered and quaked with its voice again, but this wasn't just raw anger-- this was the eldritch tone of a Geometer who was disappointed and annoyed all at once.

Stetikekiak took a long, pained breath. "...They're sort of bunch of idiots."

The god in front of him contorted a little in contemplation. "They fail to follow my lead, my clear instructions! I give them lessons in their dreams, I fill their tomes for them, I've made every step as simple as possible! What more must I DO for them?"


"M-Maybe different followers? New leader? Librarian thinks aerated mind control gas is best option!"

The Geometer of Blood suddenly snapped at him, lightning resounding through Steti's poor body. He was shocked to the point of coughing and heaving. It undulated, "It was a rhetorical question, mortal! You know nothing of leading a populace, of worship!"

"W-Well, true," Steti stammered, collecting himself in the void. He was worried parts of him might begin to drift away. "But am trying to... figure out. You're intent breaking into reality, why for these people? They aren't really bright." He thought of himself back on that stone tablet, being worshipped wholeheartedly by a bunch of horny idiots. "Maybe more my ballpark than yours, this station?"

He expected a violent response, but Nar-Sie paused a moment, and responded with a gently approving tone. "I suppose it isn't quite worth all this effort, is it?" There was a long exasperated sigh, the kind that could eviscerate planets. "All this goading around, this leading... the refactors of the runic system that take me giga-millenia of concentration... they're never going to get anywhere anyways." One of the Geometer's slightly-less-gargantuan tendrils approached Steti, almost sizing him up. "Whether or not they sacrifice you, it won't make a difference for them."

The bird did his best to assert himself. "Can try to whip them into different kind of shape, if you help out this once."

"So you'd like to try your hand at my job, is that it?" Nar-Sie scoffed a little, but in response, Steti just shrugged. He supposed that was the best explanation he could give. The Geometer continued, "I hope you know that this vocation is terrifically frustrating. People are the very most irritating force in the multiverse."

Steti squawked, "Well, don't mind work with them when get to be with them." Flustered, he tried to hide his dick between his legs, becoming acutely aware that he was still rock-hard from the earlier gangbang.

"Fine." The Geometer of Blood hummed softly, in approval for the bird's peculiar confidence. "I'll grant you this, little fleshbag, out of my own curiosity. All souls lead to me eventually, so it's not like I'm losing much." It began to envelop Steti in a gaseous, black haze. "Just a tip: this whole showbiz is too much to take for most people, when tit comes to tat. Especially those who only live in three dimensions."

Steti forced a weak chuckle. He found himself feeling flush, and more than a little stupid-horny. "Too much for take? I can take... pretty big things. Some say even... *eldritch*-size things, eheh...?" It didn't particularly bother him that he was flirting with a deity.

Nar-Sie couldn't help but laugh a world-shattering laugh. "You couldn't, mortal. You very much could not."

And, with that, he felt himself drifting back,

back,

back.

Returning a changed bird, Steti landed back on the ritual table, surrounded by drooling cultists. He was still vulnerable on his back, and John still had the dagger lifted above his chest, but right before he was able to plunge it down, the room was filled with a screeching loudspeaker creak. There was one wall-mounted radio, and it had begun to blare at maximum volume.

"VIVA LA REVOLUCION!" called an unfamiliar voice, distorted through the radio. "Haha, but no, seriously. I'm hacking all the loudspeakers to announce to all you sons of bitches in charge: we've got your Heads of Staff cornered in Core Primary Hallway, and I'm willin' to bet it's about to become a shootout!" There was a muffled metal pounding that rattled through the speaker, and an array of men's grunting shouts. "See you there, see you get SQUARED!"

Well, that accelerated things.

John was taken aback by the announcement, and that was just the opening Steti needed. He brought his leg back up and thrust it forward in a kick with terrific power, the kind his ancestors might have once used to snap prey's necks, and his boyfriend toppled to the ground back a few feet. Steti clambered over the cultists still resting in a post-orgasmic-haze and stumbled to the floor. He managed to get over to the heavy canister of gas that had been so lauded earlier, and tried to lift it up, but it was far too heavy to carry for his slender form. Instead, he kicked it on its side, and began rolling it on his way out. "NEED THIS!" he squawked back. "GOT NEW PLAN!"

The cultists raised alarm and tried to sit up with their dicks still sensitive, and John fumbled to get to the ground. Stetikekiak rolled the canister towards the airlock, opened it with a frantic swipe of his ID, and began kicking the canister to keep its speed up. The halls opened up, but they were unfamiliar to him, the shafts above the station proper, and as he rolled the canister along, he could only hope that he could make his way- impossibly- towards some familiar landmark.

Instead, he realized that him and the canister were both heading dead-on towards a dead end. Before Steti could stop it, the heavy tank rolled into a vent along the bottom of a wall, careening through it and blowing it apart. It began speeding through the aluminum vent with a loud few bangs, rolling deeper and deeper within.

The bird squawked angrily. The cultists had to be looking for him by now-- and that can was the key to everything. He had no choice but to follow it inside.

Steti got on his hands and digitigrade knees, stuffed his diamond-hard dick into his snug-fitting suit, and started to crawl.

...

The air hung still in the Core Primary Hallway. This wide room connected three essential ends of Luna's station platform through a T-shaped junction, and the center was a circular room surrounding a raised plaque-- a diagram of when the station was first constructed by Nanotrasen, the first Space Station Model 13 of the modern era. This plaque was surrounded by benches, tables and chairs, being an optimum recreation area for the average crewmember. On a typical day, this hall would hold commonplace traffic between the most important areas of the station, but now it was motionless, as on either end of the T-junction, factions held fast to their barricades and their weapons.

On one side, the revolutionaries loaded muskets and sharpened swords. They had the Captain held hostage, her hands and legs bound with cable ties, and their numbers had just been bolstered by the addition of the changeling horror, as well as many of the underlings of every department, many wearing grey jumpsuits and gas masks. The newly ex-vampire Vox kept his adornment and readied a blade. So many had been converted now that the orderly, standing up front, thought he might be able to will the revolution to a more peaceful diplomacy. But now, holding all the cards, he worried that him and his fellow Revolutionary Leader would falter at the last step, and cause a bloodbath.

On the other side, the remaining Heads of Staff and their security force charged tasers and loaded Glocks. The Head of Personnel had decided that this standoff would be the best choice for all of them, but the tension in the air was making everyone reconsider. If they ran now, they could be ambushed from behind-- there was no telling who was a revolutionary besides the Security staff and a smattering of the crew that got loyalty implanted early. The Security force wasn't the toughest of the bunch, and it included pushovers like the weirdo Security Officer, but they did their best to seem intimidating, peering over ID-locked barricades.

The revolutionaries sent up their main leader, a fat-browed human Quartermaster who had rallied their sturdy numbers the way that the orderly hadn't, and he brandished a loudspeaker. He called out to the other end of the room. "OUR DEMANDS ARE THUSLY! YOU GIVE UP ALTOGETHER, AND WE WILL NOT HAVE TO KILL ANYONE!" He took a heaving breath. "WE SIMPLY WANT... TO RETURN THE STATION BACK TO THE PEOPLE! NANOTRASEN NEED NOT TAX OUR LABOR OR KEEP US IN ETERNAL CONTRACTS!"

Then, once his speech was finished, the orderly meekly shouted, "Sorry, CMO!" across the way.

But the Quartermaster stepped back off the crate he'd stood on. He chuckled to the Grey, and announced to the rest of the Revolutionaries, "Remember, we only NEED the Heads dead, but if all of 'em go, all of 'em go!"

"Wh-what?" the orderly stammered. "What happened to... d-diplomatics, like I was saying?"

"C'mon, you idiot. Thanks to that horror you got converted, it's gonna be easy pickin's. We'll probably lose some numbers, but it's all for a good cause, and baiting them in with 'diplomatics' smoothed out this whole process."

The Grey was mortified.

Meanwhile, across the way, the Security force struggled to know exactly what to do. The Head of Security tried to stay firm, rubbing at his beard. "Weapons ready. If they start approaching, we'll have no choice." The Vox Warden adjusted his form-fitting helmet onto his face and beak, and the rest of the force donned riot gas masks.

Officers cocked their Glocks.

Revolutionaries primed slamfire shotguns.

After a few moments, it became clear that a single move would mean all-out war. Neither end of the room was willing to budge an inch, and they were armed enough to take a mile.

In the third arm of the hallway, the last dregs of the crew finally arrived. A group of robed individuals sprinted frantically in, all of them flustered and showing half-chub through hastily-equipped cultist robes. They'd been looking for Stetikekiak and that damn canister. Every one of them ran far enough into Core Primary to realize the dire situation, and they skidded to a halt, like six deers in headlights. Even the Assistant, somehow most competent amongst the bunch while brainwashed, had no idea what to do.

Then, as if he knew that the drop of a pin could be heard by every crewmember in the station,

Stetikekiak fell.

The air vent collapsed under him and the canister of gas; it dropped both of them as it split in half, and he landed on unsteady talons, atop the raised plaque in the center of it all. His helmet was off, and he could feel the chill in the air. He could feel his vulnerable, hidden face made visible. The bird was wearing a 'stealth suit' made to do nothing but show himself off, and it was painfully clear, this time, in view of every single man aboard, that he was meant to be seen.

He looked around frantically. There was nowhere to hide. He glanced back down at the sickly yellow canister which landed beside him, grit his beak, and threw open the valve at maximum outload pressure.

The room was filled to the brim with the aerated substance, reaching even the cult. Some put their arms over their mouths, some didn't react in time, and many started wheezing once they took a breath. The orderly let himself breathe some of it in, and spotted the bird stepping up on top of the canister. In a moment of inspiration, he snatched the megaphone from the coughing Revolutionary who had used it to broadcast their demands, and threw it desperately towards Steti. "Bird!"

Stetikekiak managed to catch it gracefully. With the attention of every last crewmember on his stricken face, he stood up fully, his pose majestic, his dick still hard within his rubber suit. He pressed the loudspeaker to his beak, and spoke to his captive audience.

"ATTENTION!" he shouted.  "I AM STETIKEKIAK, CHIEF SLUT!"

The entire station was stricken with awe.

"You must obey! Substance in canister forces to WORSHIP me! SO YOU LISTEN!"

As the ones who had breathed in the gas held onto his every word, the stragglers who hadn't just took off their masks and let themselves join the rabble. Stetikekiak's words became infectious.

He continued, finding himself enjoying the hell out of this act. At some level, it didn't feel entirely like an act-- he really was leading this bunch of crazies with his voice. "This station has too much shooting, fighting, even cult of blood threatening to kill all! So, I am pushing forth new policy, which think you will all appreciate much more!"

"When you have problem with fellow coworker, instead of bashing head in, instead of shoot, instead of turn to dust..." Stetikekiak raised his free hand up dramatically. "You will converse on terms friendly, and then FUCK it out! If going to follow some kind of bull-headed movement, if so easily convinced with runes or flash to the eyes or vampiric touch, if going to go on tirade of ANY kind..."

He squawked to the space-heavens. "Then follow command of Stetikekiak, and FUCK IT OUT ALREADY! ALL OF YOU!"

Chilling, starstruck silence wracked the entire hall once more. The bird worried in the back of his mind that the quiet would be broken by the gunshot that took his head off, but instead he heard a gun clatter to the floor. The weirdo Security Officer had thrown down his gasmask and tossed away his Glock, and just stated, "Okay." He was already beginning to go over the barricades.

Another clatter, as the ex-vampire Miner tossed aside his sword. "This is and to it's not going to and the to encounter itself," he said, in horrifyingly broken Common, and then he clambered over the Revolutionary side.

The Quartermaster slowly dropped his slamfire shotgun. The Chief Engineer lowered his gatling welder. On both sides of the hall, with Steti caught in-between, the tense standoff had been broken, like he'd taken a sledgehammer to it. Something was wrong with these people, and just the right kind of wrong for Stetikekiak to have his opportunity.

The cultists, for their part, had already dropped their weapons long ago. In front of them they saw a being more worthy of worship than the complicated and violent Geometer of Blood. They mustered a chant together, faces excited in unison, a chant which spread to both sides of the Revolution quickly.

"SEX CULT!"


"SEX REVOLUTION!"

"SEX CULT!"


"SEX REVOLUTION!"

Steti was flabbergasted. "...Yes! Yes. Weird sex revolution cult. Exactly." He couldn't help but beam widely on his disfigured face as the crowds disarmed themselves, approached the center, and collided.

It was instant fireworks. The groups slammed into each other, and the sight was degenerate lightning. There was an immediate, horrifyingly horny interaction. They spilled over the benches, tables and chairs like a riot. Human, Grey, Vox, every crewmember regardless of species began stripping or grinding or bending over or sucking off. There were yells from within the crowd, but they weren't horrified yells, they were exasperated desperate pleas for somebody to do something to them. People begged to fuck their superior in the ass, people said they'd suck any ayy dry, people meshed together until it was utterly unclear which side was which. The orgy had permeated the entire crew, and not a single soul was spared.

Stetikekiak was almost in tears.

He pushed the canister over to let it spew the last of its gas into the air, and it rolled off the platform. Then, from his vantage point, he could stand and just marvel at the sights. It was something out of his wildest dreams, and he spend a while gawking at each individual sight.

And, by all accounts, there was a *lot* to see.

Steti saw the horror form Changeling sitting happily against a wall as a group of Assistants crowded around. The greytide had found prey, and the faceless greyshits started worshipping the beast's colossal dong, while finding themselves wrapped up in its tendrils. He saw one pounding the beast's tailhole while being filled by tentacles, and another just suspended in the air, choking on a heap of monster semen. Even as the four or five Assistants were apprehended and tentacle-fucked, another half-dozen came to take their place-- the Greytide truly felt infinite.

Steti saw the ex-vampire Vox out and about with his Dracula getup, who had been cornered by a couple Security Officers fed up with his antics from earlier in the shift. They'd begun to spitroast his ass and beak, while he squawked gaudy, broken remarks about their 'lack of to it's and detective with your and it's skills' through the thick dick in his mouth. It was only when Steti looked closer that he realized the odd-looking bird was also topping a fucktoy of his own, thrusting in and out of an angry-looking, but positively aroused, Quartermaster, who spurted pre onto the floor amidst his complaints about a 'stupid sex revolution'.

Steti saw the Chief Medical Officer, happily dressed in his long-necked garb and visible stockings and garters, who was overjoyed to have the hostilities ceased so easily. He'd approached and corralled a few of the more pensive-looking Revolutionaries to prostrate themselves along the hall's tables. Whether as punishment or out of genuine curiosity, he had managed to locate a series of dildos for use in 'testing' the men. They hadn't been in for a checkup since the Revolution broke out, and now the slender, feminine-looking Grey was getting hard at the opportunity of having them under his microscope.

Steti saw the weirdo Security Officer, having stripped his trousers partially off to reveal parted-aside panties, flat on his back and being choked to half to death by the large booted talons of some hulking, oversized Vox Cargo Technician, who was jerking his oversized blue cone at the sensation of having such dominance over the little man. Meanwhile, in spite of his windpipe being entirely pushed down upon, the human was as hard as a rock without even touching his throbbing dick. It seemed that the bird was tired of being the bootlicker, and the Officer tired of being the Shitcurity, so they'd eagerly swapped roles.

Steti saw three lawyers, two Grey and one human who he'd previously helped in the Bridge. They'd formed a sort of conga line, each penetrating the other with their pants down at their ankles, while the incredibly stiff and overwhelmed human at the front found himself flopping his dick on the face of the Clown, who was blowing raspberries into his sack. The previously-composed stature of the attorneys was utterly shattered as they fulfilled their lust for one another, the Greys quacking furiously in some legalese slang and the human just moaning out for a court recess.

Steti saw the Diona Head of Personnel sitting back in one of the many chairs, his planty dick out in full view. This time, however, he was being crowded around by a very worrying number of fascinated Insectoid Botanists, chittering like moths to light. They lapped at his nectary precum and massaged their own slits to reveal needy lengths, flitting to and fro as they surrounded the poor HoP with no opportunity to exit. He was already feeling nervous with their presence, but the arrival of the hefty Insectoid Chef made things even more tense-- his hulking dick was out and proud from under his apron, and if the Diona was going to have power over the Botanists, then the Chef would have control over the Diona.

Steti saw the metalloid, medical Cyborg, which was a rather rectangley and obtuse creation, who he'd effectively forgotten existed-- but it seemed that it was a point of fascination for the human Xenobiologist, who was now being held down on a bench, being probed by multiple rubber-tipped metal prongs from the cyborg. His mouth and ass were 'inspected' and filled, as the borg held him in place. It was a curious thing, as even if the human wanted it to stop, he wouldn't be able to order it around, gagged and pleasured from both ends, his dick bobbing as the borg loomed over him, motionless. Truly, he had asked the Cyborg to open door, but he had not thought about asking the Cyborg to close door.

Steti saw the Internal Affairs Agent vigorously sucking off the Vox Warden, who was sat in a chair, happily holding the human's head down and clutching his hair in tufts. The IAA had harbored this need to suck off the Warden who had so often clashed with him in decisions of authority, and during the orgy he had blurted it out, needy and embarrassed. The dominative Vox was now huffing happily into his helmet, and had the poor human suck down globs of precum while his legs went to pleasure him. Both feet and his talons tightened around the man's throbbing, thin pink cock, jerking him off as he moaned into a mouthful of Vox Cox.

Steti saw the orderly amidst it all, with a dumb grin on his face. But he wasn't being pleasured like the others, as that didn't tend to be his way; instead, he was running around with towels, throwing them underneath piles of people in the crew orgy. He was a helper, retrieving anything any pair needed. And when he spotted Steti looking at him, he waved meekly. "S-Sorry about earlier, Steti!"

"Made up for!" the bird called back, his voice joyful.

When the Grey looked back with genuine, real friendliness, it struck Steti so strong. His helmet was off, his face was visible, and he'd given every last ounce of himself for this stupid, insane, weird effort... and his friend approved.

Still, as far as he could tell, John was nowhere to be seen. His gaze went back to the group of cultists, and he was absent amongst them. As much as he wanted his boyfriend to see this menagerie, he could guess that something to do with the earlier attempt on the bird's life had put him off.

The rest of the cultists, however, started to gather around Steti atop the commemorative plaque. At first the bird was worried, but they seemed ecstatic to worship him, bowing down and chanting his name. It was rhythmic and filled the room, and soon enough it attracted enough attention to get various unattended crewmembers to flock to the individual cultists. Each one of them found a partner or two, and Steti sat down, awed at the momentum of this orgy.

Steti saw the dumb Engineer twink sitting between a couple of his Engineering mates, gruff burly men with an intense familiarity for the man. His robe had been spread open, and so had his ass-- penetrated by both of the Engineers at once as he massaged their dicks with his wide-open hole. He gripped his flat, feminine chest and moaned dramatically while both of them thrusted up and in, their legs intertwined and dicks pressed together.

Steti saw the Researcher and Librarian stood in front of the Grey Chaplain, who had tossed his bible aside and sat on all-fours. He jerked both cultists off and massaged their dicks with his tongue, taking turns to suck them off, while trembling in profane need. His pinkish dick wetted his robes as he proselytized the cultists, trying to convert them with his sexual prowess, but he was being clearly dominated. Behind him, the Insectoid bartender had crawled behind, seeing an opportunity, and was now eating the Grey's ass with two mandibles locked to his grey asscheeks.

Steti saw the scrawny Vox and Insectoid doctor both sat across from each other. The doc had developed a bit of a fascination for his cultist compatriot's talons, and was massaging and playing with them, while the bird cackled and cawed, having become a giggly mess. Both of them were riding their own male chariots-- the doctor had finally exercised power over the nefarious Virologist and was stuffing his own ass with the starstruck human's dick, and the Vox had been solicited by the gruff Head of Security, who was now pounding his underweight ass with furious need.

At the center of it all, Stetikekiak was utterly satisfied with his work. The whole station was tiring themselves out with unending pleasure, and he was finally allowed a break. He laid back slowly on the plaque, resting his head on his hand and listening to the glorious sounds of orgy.

His dick bobbed slowly in its latex prison. Then, it bobbed quickly. He found himself needy after so much ruckus. He freed his groin with the button on his suit, letting his sopping-wet cone free once more, and instead of simply jerking himself, he reached his tail back to penetrate himself. Steti groaned and squawked happily, his slender body shifting with pleasure as he massaged his prostate, thrusting in and out with perfect rhythm. He swirled his head around, staring at the blissful crew in their hedonistic riot, air awash with carnal pleasure, and the sight of it all, in combination with his poking of his own prostate, brought him to a long-awaited orgasm, one with such force that it made him shudder and quake and gasp.

Stetikekiak screeched happily, dick spewing globs of seed over himself, and as he slipped his tail back out of his hole, he was exhausted. His head went back down, and he finally felt like he could rest.

One long sweet breath of nitrogen, and he drifted off.

...

When he came back to, the orgy had mostly ended.

Steti heard loud footsteps coming his way, and he sat back up, head-quills ruffled and head hazy, but still feeling rather self-fulfilled. He noted that although most people had cleaned up and left the hall, there were still a groups going at it, here and there. The room was a total mess, tables overturned and wet towels down every few feet.

Two figures walked up to Steti-- the Captain and the Head of Security, who had clearly both had a hell of a time cleaning up his mess. The HoS was carrying Steti's helmet, and offered it to the bird. "Your visor?" he grunted.

"Thank you," the bird said weakly, flush. He held it under his arm.

"Man, you've got a mean mug," he said, squinting at Steti's disfigured face. "Wouldn'ta thought it'd suit you 'til that whole stunt with the megaphone. I guess you're fiercer than I thought."

Stetikekiak managed a little chuckle. It helped to joke about. "Same for self, mean mug," he joked.

The man huffed. "Well, thanks to this... stunt, we've got just about everyone on the crew loyalty implanted now. That pretty much eliminates the Cult and Revolution. Truth is, we've got you to thank for that."

In response, the Captain elbowed the HoS hard in the chest, and he backed up a bit, falling quiet. From then on, she spoke instead. She loomed over Stetikekiak with a stern, frustrated expression. "When I said to *deal* with these groups, I didn't mean brainwashing them all!"

Steti let out a little laugh. "Well, three thing. First, most Security and Revolutionaries wearing gas mask or even breath mask. Second, Vox and Plasmaman still part of whole stupid 'sex cult', and use internals. Third, gas was made by some amateur librarian cultist gone little mad!" He shrugged his shoulders. "Pretty sure gas is total hoax, did nothing. I think truth is, crew is *already* all degenerate, who were on board with 'sex cult' as soon as dropped out of that vent." He pointed to himself. "All they needed was push, and solid leadership and guidance."

The woman just scoffed, but it had clearly gotten to her. She spoke more meekly. "...I'm a good leader!"

"Maybe not good enough alone," Steti squawked.

She just let out a frustrated grunt in response. In the moment, Steti noticed that not only was her jumpsuit stained from the earlier bout, but she had an indent in her crotch area-- a bulge. He supposed it was fitting that every Head of Staff not only *was* a dick, but also *had* a dick. The Captain collected herself once more. "...As the Head of Security mentioned, we have the situation cleared up now, though I'm unsure what the future holds, exactly."

The woman glanced over the room at the stragglers still engaged with one another. "...I suppose it's possible that we'll start seeing a lot more use of the dorm rooms." She rubbed at her face, clearly frustrated with what she was saying. "I'll call upon you whenever your services are requires again. Which is looking to be... more common."

"Okay," the bird said, flatly. He couldn't wipe the grin off his cheeks.

"Goodbye, Stetikekiak." The Captain turned to walk off, utterly finished with him.

Next to her, the HoS followed for a moment, then glanced back. "...This whole thing better not fuck with our four-PM arrangement, Steti."

He stood up, limbs aching just a little bit. "Of course not! I keep promises." This was enough for the Head of Security, who rolled his eyes and stormed off with his superior. Steti chuckled as he started to put back on his helmet, hiding his 'mean mug' once more, very satisfied. Still, there was an empty feeling scratching at him. He'd forgotten something amongst the ruckus.

That something came up to him just after the Captain and HoS left. John, with his jumpsuit scrounged back on and robes discarded, approached Steti looking like his tail was between his legs. "...Hey, bird," he mumbled, weak.

"John!" Steti called, friendly. "Are you... okay?"

The man was nervous. For a moment, he was uncertain what to say. Glancing off, he just managed, "I'm... sorry for almost killin' ya on that ritual table. I really... my head was all..."

Stetikekiak stepped forth and embraced his boyfriend close. He warbled a low tone, something that the man could feel, and soon enough John wrapped his arms around his back, too. "It's all okay," Steti hummed. "All okay. Actual cult does terrible things to mind. Some of stuff is no joke."

"I couldn't just come back and... well, I felt like I messed it up, ya know?"

"Had worse, kheh." Steti felt the human's body heat, and just basked in it for a bit.

John finally started to feel at ease again. "I'm implanted now, if that eases it up!"

The bird chuckled softly, and cooed into his shoulder. "Yeah."

"You did a... real good job out there with everyone. Gonna be real, wasn't sure we'd get it done today."

"We figured out." Steti pulled back a bit, looking warmly into the human's eyes. It still felt nice to have his helmet on-- and with such close proximity to his boyfriend, they could both lock gaze. "Is it... okay, I'm doing all this stuff, you know... screwing basically whole crew?"

The Assistant thought about it for a moment. "Obviously it's weird. But I love ya for that, bird. I think if ya restricted yourself like that, you wouldn't be you." He laughed softly, glancing over Steti's slender form. "I knew when we started that you'd attract a lotta people on board. Wasn't like ya surprised me with that." John rested his forehead against Steti's beak, nudging him with love. The bird chittered back. "If you're mine with... y'know, your heart-parts, 'n not just your dick parts, then that's what I actually care about."

Steti was feeling choked up a little. He struggled to vocalize just how happy he was, in that moment, holding his boyfriend so close. It didn't really matter what happened next, if this moment just lasted. "...th-thank you," he stammered. "I love you."

"Love ya too, Steti."

They stayed locked together for a long while. The station passed them by for minutes, and at last, they pulled apart, hands still clenched with one another. Amidst the wreckage of the Core Primary Hallway, they spotted the orderly cleaning up some of the more egregious puddles of bodily fluid. John called over, "Hey, big-eyes!"

The Grey scoffed. "My eyes aren't *that* big."

"How'd it go with the Changeling?"

"Eh," the orderly mumbled. "CMO's mad at me for dragging in another patient, but the HoP was happy to give him his ID back, and he should be back to work soon. Miners like having that kind of manpower." He laughed to himself a little. "Can you believe that that guy's name was Jimmy? That 'ling's name was Jimmy."

Steti squinted, incredulous. "Didn't seem like Jimmy-type."

"Yeah, right?" With a little shrug, the Grey just continued on with what he was doing. Steti and John stood together, holding hands, and the human leaned his head onto the bird's weight. The orderly continued on to himself, retrieving yet another sponge from his bag. "Aaanyway, I really hope we don't have to start telling Central Command about any of this stuff. It's gonna get hard to explain why everyone's fucking instead of fighting. Maybe it wasn't the *best* idea 'cus of that."

"Well," the bird squawked, "if Central Command has problem, take up with us."

John furrowed his brow. "...Steti, it's Nanotrasen. They'll totally mess our shit up if they find out what's been goin' on."

The Grey nodded. "Yeah, that's not someone you wanna mess with. Isn't that what *you* told me?"

But Steti had a little burning sensation in his chest, and stepped away. His thoughts were already racing, filling with ideas and coming up with ludicrous schemes. He put his hands on his shapely hips and made an announcement.

"Bet if could unite station, could free station, too."

John and the orderly were mortified, but in that glorious moment, it was clear that Stetikekiak had made up his mind.

He was going to take this to the top.