## -> Shrine Spirit <-
#### -> by Arcadian Rhythm <-
You’ve been visiting your town’s shrine for a while now, you’ve had no luck in the relatively small community of this mountain village, at least when it came to love. Obviously you could venture out to greener pastures, to the big city, there’d be no shortage of strangers to meet and fall for. On the other hand, this has always been your home, and a big part of who you are at that.
Today was another late day working the storefront, the old man who runs the shop handing you a few spare coins to offer at the shrine. You made your way slowly to the shrine, exchanging pleasantries with people on their way around town, taking the path into a secluded area, surrounded by the natural walls of stone. It always was a pretty sight, this late in the afternoon, the snow shimmered like silver in the sunlight.
Kneeling in front of the box, you put your offering in, enough for a decent night on the town of you’d so choose. Instead though you closed your eyes and prayed for good fortune in meeting someone you could truly connect with. As you pray, you hear gentle clinking of coins, as if somebody is defiling the offerings to the shrine’s protector. Raising your head and opening both mouth and eyes, you stare at the bandit.
“My my, what a sizeable donation you’ve made to me, thank you so very much.” The sickeningly sweet voice almost echoing through your head, you can hardly what believe it’s coming from though. Sitting back on the shrine without a care for decency is a scantily clad spirit, undoubtedly the one whom protects the shrine. His fundoishi and kimono almost inviting you to stare at his exposed snowy fur, beautiful red patterns scattered along his body, inviting you to stare at certain assets. “Feel free to keep staring my subject, I do so enjoy the attention of mortals.”
“What’s this about?” You pipe up finally, sitting up properly, you put your hands in your lap. “I’ve given all I can spare, Spirit, why have you shown yourself to me?”
“It has to do with your prayer of course, or did you forget that your offering was for me?” He plays with the coins you donated in his left hand, throwing them up only to snatch them out of the air again. “You seek a soul mate, someone to love and to be loved by, correct? Well I have found your solution.” Taken aback, you open your mouth to voice concern, though before you’re given chance to vocalise, he shushes you with his free hand. “It’s okay, I know your tastes all too well my dear devoted. I know your preference of men, as well as your desire for something foreign to you.”
His gentle hand slowly pulls from your lips, instead beckoning you to enter the shrine, the snowy fox spirit opening the door for you. You cautiously follow him through, unable to deny the truths he’s brought to light regarding your taste. The interior is beautifully simple, tatami mats, a table and a few cushions for kneeling surrounding it. A kettle sits on the table, already boiled, the spirit produces a few small cups. Pouring you a cup of green tea, he offers it to you, his hand lingering on yours as he you take the cup.
You may not be experienced in the ways of love, but this seems fairly blatant, even to you. “So is this really happening?” You ask not just to your foxy companion, but to yourself. In response, the spirit leans in, his eyes locking to yours, he gently puts his hand on your shoulder.
“Well, it is your prayers being answered, you should be grateful.” He gives you a short peck on the cheek following the remark, chuckling as your face goes flush. “Don’t worry, my dear, dear mortal, I’ll be sure you enjoy our life together.”
As much as you hate to admit it, the fox was quite beautiful, his ever youthful features betrayed by his demeanour. He acted regal, like someone wise beyond his years. “Do you have a name I can call you by? If you’re really to be the answer to my prayer?”
“Well, I haven’t a mortal name, but I shall take one while I remain with you- you shall know me as Hisa, fitting for one without age.” He steps behind you, his hands begin slowly kneading your shoulders. “How about you get more comfortable my dear mortal?”
Placing your tea down after another sip, he begins to disrobe you, exposing your body, save your underwear. Strangely the interior is comfortably warm despite the chilling snow outdoors, perhaps a blessing from Hisa, to ensure your comfort. “You’re so beautiful…” You say under your breath as you watch Hisa’s graceful form fold your clothes, his ears twitch as you say the last word. 
Turning to you, Hisa smirks at your comment, slowly he moves to you each step accentuated by his tail’s movement. Hisa’s face mere inches from yours, he stretches up and brings you into a kiss, pawed hands holding you against him. As the kiss breaks, your left wanting, his smile coming back into view as you plead with your eyes for more.
“Come, how about we both shed these sparse garments and bare ourselves to each other, dear.” The moment he says so, his fundoishi gently falls to the floor, his penis catching your attention instantly, the bright red flesh against his beautiful white tundra of fur. You almost tear through your own underwear to get it off, throwing it onto the neat pile of garments folded by Hisa earlier.
The small spirit gently helps you to your knees, his spire staring you down like the barrel of a gun. “You know, I’ve kept an eye on every prayer and every one who prays, and you’re by far the one I’ve found most interesting. I think you’ll love being mine.” Hisa gently presses his length to your lips, relenting, you open around him. His maleness filling your invitingly moist mouth, your tongue sparks with his taste, unearthly in flavour, you find yourself lost in it.
The gentle ministrations of his hand through your hair brings you back to the present, your tongue gently guides itself around his glans, ensuring to tease lovingly at every spot he moans. You find a sweet spot under the tip, suckling gently you stare up at his blissful expression. You can’t help but get every bit as hard as him from simply attending his cock.
He gently thrusts into your mouth, pushing himself further into the depths, he slowly works himself to the base, allowing you to get used to the feeling of his manhood filling you. “I’m going to speed up now, I’ll stop if you can’t take it any more, don’t worry if it’s a little rough at first.” Hisa’s hips start bucking into you lovingly, his tip brushing against the back of your throat with every push. 
You close your eyes and focus on the feelings, it’s almost as though you’re in pure bliss, his dick sending shocks of pleasure with every thrust. His body starts to tense as he lands one final deep push into you, twitching as he pumps his otherworldly seed inside your throat, he pulls slowly out, to give you a taste of his love.
He kneels down next to you and kisses you deeply, his tongue intertwining with yours as he holds you close. Breaking the kiss, he once again moves, pushing you into your back, he lays you down, your own manhood close to its’ limit. Hisa turns from you, presenting his rear, he makes a show of shaking his compact yet shapely rear for you. It finally finds its target, nestling your length between his cheeks, he slowly pushes your tip to his hole.
“Now to pay you back for that oral love, I’ll have you, dear.” His hips roll as he pushes onto you, slowly his rear gives way to the intruder, the walls clamping around you. Reaching the base, he pauses to give you a moment.
After the moment of peace, he begins to ride you wildly, quickly bringing you to your limit. Cumming, you see stars, leaning up to hold him, whispering sweet nothings as you’re bound in this act of lust and love, you pass out.
As you regain your faculties, you see Hisa cleaning the room, ensuring that the tatami stays clean. “Welcome back to the land of the living, hope that was as good for you as it was for me.” He teases, lovingly as he sits down next to you. “How about you come here every night from now on, and we spend the rest of your days as lovers?”
