"I feel like I'm going crazy, man. Everything seems to jumble up in my head and before I realize it, things are different and don't make sense. You look around and what do you see? Bird people, bird people, **bird people**! That new crazy girl, Fluegal, bird lady. One of those students at Shiketsu, the white haired kid, bird boy. Don't even get me started on Tatarimokke and Recino. His long uncut fingernails digging their way into everything behind the scenes. You know that incident from two days ago where the news reported about me kicking the mayor's dog? That's not even what happened and yet that's what everyone thinks happened. The world's going crazy, man. Bird people got spies even in Shiketsu!? It's too much. Bird people all over the place. The schools are no good. What other school is there even? That one Rescue Ray runs? You even heard of any students that go there? No? That's what I thought. No doubt it's just a nest for those birds to gather and lay their eggs. Do you think Recino lays eggs? Is that weird to ask? Doesn't matter right now. I'm getting jumbled up again, man. Where's my drink? Asahi Super Dry, my beloved. You always know what to say to make me feel better. What was I even talking about? School or something? Man, you hear all those weird things about Rosethorn? Some kind of incident at the school or something? Those are rough rumors, and I know what I'm talking about when it comes to that kind of bull honky. How do you think Shiketsu can afford all those high rankers to teach for them? Like, I get Rosethorn because she went to school there all those years ago, but like Majestic? What's that son of a bacon bit got to gain from teaching there? Trying to look good since people are always saying he steals credit from lower ranked heroes? That's true, by the way. Seen it myself. Didn't happen to me personally, but the Aoki Brothers totally got the doo doo end of the poop stick because of him. What, never heard of them? My point exactly. Also, you ever notice how many gaijin we've been getting coming in as of recent? Is America going really downhill or something? Why do they keep coming here? You know how many of the freshman class in Shiketsu are foreign? I don't either, but it's gotta be a lot. You think it's a conspiracy or something? You believe in any conspiracies? I don't, but some things I believe in definitely sound like conspiracies. Like how bird people are everywhere. It's true! Look around you- oh, I already talked about this? My bad. I just get off track and jumbled up sometimes. Usually whenever I'm drinking too much. Whoopsie. Gonna need a tall glass of water after this one if I don't want to wake up with the shakes again. What were we talking about again? I can't remember. I'm just too jumbled up right now. The room's spinning a bit too. Holy guacamole, I'm so hungry. Listen, you can even hear my stomach yelling at me. Hear it? Yeah, it means business. Oh, what I wouldn't give for some good old fashioned takoyaki. You just can't get good takoyaki here in Kyoto. Like, if it's not from Osaka, it just ain't takoyaki. Look, just... take a trip to Osaka some time and trust me, you'll get the best gosh darned takoyaki you've ever had in your life! And don't get it from around Tsutenkaku! That place is too tourist heavy, so they don't have time to really put their heart into it, you know? Soulless. If you're not gonna make takoyaki right, don't make it at all! Just stick to sushi if you're just gonna pander to the gaijin! Ahh... I'm so hungry. I want to order delivery, but I can't afford it tonight. Why did you get me started on talking about takoyaki? Now I can't get it out of my head! Oh, I miss it... I want to go back to Osaka... Things were so much simpler back at home... Man, I miss dad. Ah, sheesh, I'm starting to cry a bit. He'd be so disappointed to see how I'm doing now. He was the best hero in the world and look at his little girl, crying on her filthy couch surrounded by cans of beer full of cigarette butts. He'd be on my tuchus about this. He was always telling me about how I could be the best, and now I've gone and just... ruined everything. I can't even keep myself from getting drunk during my therapy sessions! I'm such a mess! Why am I like this!? God... I'm sorry. I'm freaking out and I'm feeling jumbled up. Can we end session early today? Yeah, okay. See ya, doc."