# Slytherin Relief

The crowd had finally started to thin out after the Gryffindor versus Hufflepuff Quidditch match came to an abrupt finish, with Sykes catching the snitch in favour of the latter. Slytherin attendance had been considerable, despite their team not playing. A match was usually a spectacle for the whole school - and as such most made their way to the spectator seats. Even if only to jeer at the competing teams.

"This way Slytherins!" A prefect called out, trying to organise the students in to a somewhat coherent group for their next class. Adrian tenatively moved to join them before feeling a firm tug on his sleeve, followed by a quiet, husky command from behind: "You still have work to do, **cheerleader**." 

After being discreetly ushered away behind one of the now empty spectator towers - the young wizard reached up to pull on his collar, but was stopped by his partner. The Pureblood classmate flashed him a playful grin. "No, keep it on. You look cute in uniform." Adrian exhaled sharply through his nose, but did as he was told without any further complaint - and with a heavy blush now colouring his pale cheeks he sank to his knees in the damp grass.

"You know someone could see us, right?".. Even had Adrian wanted to give the taunt a verbal response, his mouth was otherwise occupied. And he knew better than to pull a throbbing, hardened cock from his maw mid-blowjob. Still, the defiant part of him wanted to do *something* so he sent a short glare upward, meeting his 'assailant's' gaze for a moment which only seemed to spur the taller male on. Firm hands grabbed the blonde wizard's head for leverage and not a moment later sloppy sounds of a cock being throated could be heard from behind the Slytherin tower.. Only broken up by the occasional, subdued whimper or moan from the kneeling boy.

It took all the technique Adrian knew to ensure his partner finished quickly, and after a few minutes he felt the other Slytherin tense up. Thrusts became shallow.. irregular, until finally and with a satisfied, shaky groan from the male above - the cock was extracted with a wet schlop. "Fuck.." Adrian thought, his partner was so hard and throbbing it bounced right back up and smacked the robes still covering his abdomen. In that moment the blonde wizard would have literally begged for it were he asked to - but instead the swollen, leaking crown was aimed at his blushing face. Adrian closed his eyes and allowed a low, satisfied sigh to escape as warm ropes of thick cum began to streak his face. "O-Open, open your damn-.." He did. Tongue extending to catch whatever was fed to him until that heavy load was finally entirely emptied.

While trying to calm his raspy breathing and with eyes half-lidded Adrian peeked up. A -look- met him, and he knew what to do. After all, he wouldn't be returning to the castle until he'd cleaned it all up. "Thank you, Sir." He got right back to work slathering that sticky cock with his tongue.