THE START OF A DARKER SUNSHINE
"This fight is over, rodent!" Robotnik shouted as he tried to strike Sonic down with the clawed hand of his Death Egg Robot. It was tough, especially since Sonic ran out of rings. Luckily he wasn't alone for this battle.
"Tails! Now!" Sonic commanded, causing the two-tailed fox to land a hit on a weak point in the robot's metallic shell, causing the thing to go up in flames. Robotnik, ever the eager coward, decided to run away from his base of operations as he exited from the mechanism's exhaust pipe. However, in his panic he forgot he was fighting the fastest thing alive. Sonic happened to stop him in his tracks, with Tails not too far behind.
The moment Tails caught up with his idol, a sinister voice started to whisper in his ear. "Robotnik is such a cruel man. Wouldn't you and Sonic be better off without him?"
Tails looked at the doctor, now with a fearful expression that he and Sonic had never seen before. The voice continued its tirade. "He has caused the suffering of so many lives. His sins weigh him down, and it's up to you to cut them loose." The phrasing there, "cut", lingered in Tails's mind for a few seconds. "It's time to put an end to this madman's reign. Make him suffer as much as the rest of the lives he's destroyed," the voice suggested, "let me help you kill this beast."
Tails started to realize his purpose in this. With his intellect, he grabbed one of the broken arms from the Death Egg Robot, and using his tails to speed him up, did a successful lunge into Dr. Robotnik's chest. The spiky claws pierced through his flesh, causing him to choke and cough up blood.
"Tails! Buddy! What are you doing?"
"I'm sending him to ẖ̸̳̬e̯̠̦͟ͅl̥̀l̩̟ where he belongs," Tails said, his voice now deeper and in a perverse whisper. Using his tails as a means to add strength and inertia to his pulling of the hand from Robotnik's now gaping wound, he decided to start flying high up. Sonic, shocked at everything that was occurring, tried to build up enough speed to get some kind of jump towards his friend. However, the flat battlefield of the Death Egg's centerpiece did not provide the momentum needed.
Tails flew high up and with his foot pointed downwards slammed into Robotnik's head, crushing his pitiful skull in two, his "genius" brains scattering across the floor. Despite this, that bastard still tried to breathe and live through it all. "Please... young fox... stop..."
"Are you sorry for everything you've done?"
"Yes..."
"All the environments you've twisted and broken?"
"Yes..."
"And all the lives you've put in danger from your short-sighted obsessions?"
"God, yes! Just get me out! Let me live! Fix me up, boy!"
Tails did a raspy cackle as his black pupils started to grow, like viscous ink spreading through paper, until his eyes were nothing but a black void darker than darkness itself. "T͏̷͎̤͇͈O̝̘̭O҉̷͍̜ ̺̫̮̻̫͚͡͝B̹̙ͅA̶͙̞͈̱͈̣D̪̠̘͎͉̼̜͈͠!" Tails screeched in elation, his jaws stretching wide like that of a python, with wonderful fox fangs glistening in the artificial light. He reared back, only to have the jaws slam into Robotnik's hand reaching out for help. A sickeningly ambrosial crunch echoed through the metallic halls, followed by a pained, loud scream that sounded like it came from the fires of hell itself. 
Robotnik, in a useless last ditch effort to destroy the twin-tailed devil that stood before him, pressed a button on a remote he had lying around in case of things going awry. He made one last choking laugh as the Death Egg started to break down. Tails looked on as the doctor slowly entered death throes, a beautiful grin of bloodied fangs outstretching his muzzle. Sonic had to grab him by the tails and rush him to an escape pod. The two climbed in as Tails watched in glee as the once proud and powerful Dr. Robotnik flailed around in the harsh realm of space. He knew that eventually the doctor's organs would give in and freeze up as his corpse would drift lifelessly through the ether.
"Isn't it wonderful, Tails? How much fun death can be? The entertainment brought on by bringing these sinners to justice?" The voice asked, Tails eager to listen. "Back on West Island, there are plenty more heathens to send to the pits below. And soon the world will k͜ne̸̸͘e̴̡l͏ before you, and no one will ever bully you again." Tails thought back to those who attacked him. Those who called them names, who beat him up, tugged on his tails. They called him a freak. If only they knew how much of a freak he could really be.
When the pod landed, Sonic immediately ran out and touched the grass of Emerald Hill. Tails had a devious smirk on his face, looking down at the ground thinking of enacting justice upon those creatures. Sonic tried to forget about what happened and tried to move forward, as usual with mortals like him. 
"Uh, so now that Robuttnik is... taken care of... what do you say about some chili dogs? Y'know, have some more moments with each other?" 
Tails didn't look towards Sonic at first, but turned his neck and head 180 degrees around with a look of morbid curiosity. "I feel I have different plans, hedgehog..."