Apples Hunt Party

During the Hunt 
> "Ugh, here we go again - another day of monster hunting with this ragtag group of clowns. First off, there's Sylvia, the cutesy archer girl who won't stop talking telepathically in my head everytime a monster pops out. I mean, I get it, you're all about the love and peace and rainbows, but can you just shut up for five minutes and let me focus on killing these damn monsters? And then there's Vash, the catgirl who dresses like a stripper. Look, I don't care if you want to show off your assets or whatever, but this is a battle, not a brothel. Put some clothes on and act like a professional and don't even get me started on Aoi, the holier-than-thou other-cat girl. She thinks she's better than everyone else just because she's born with a silver spoon shoved up  there and has some fancy-schmancy sword. Newsflash, sweetheart - we're all out here risking our lives to protect this village, so get off your high horse and pitch in like the rest of us. And last but not least, there's Mishkam, the whiny babyfaced warrior. He's always nervously complaining about something, whether it's the monsters being too far away or the dumb weather. I swear, he's like a chihuahua with gauntlets  - barking all the damn time. Honestly, I don't know how I ended up with this group, I guess it's better than the usual bottom of the barrel scrap I get sattled with. I absolutely hate all the party chatter but I guess I'll just have to grin and bear it, and hope that we can actually get something done for the farmers who keep complaining about godforsaken monsters eating their flock, aren't shepperds suppose to protect their flock? Now I gotta do their job for them."


After the Hunt -
> "I can't believe it - one of these misfits actually did something good for once! During the hunt, just when I thought things couldn't get any worse, Mishkam got a clean punch in and knocked down the monster before it snapped my head off. I mean, I know I rag on him a lot for being a whimpering brat who can't even use a sword. And to be honest, I'm a little bit shocked - I never thought I'd be thanking any of these idiots for anything. But hey, credit where credit is due, right? Maybe there's a glimmer of hope for this group yet. But let's not get ahead of ourselves here - one good deed doesn't make up for all the times hunters screwed up and made my life a living hell. I'll still be keeping my guard up and my expectations low, but at least now I know that there's a slim chance that one of these jerks might actually come through in a clutch, and hey we made the village a safer place today and none of these assholes died, I can drink to that."