/stag/ Modlist - Foundation

***BASIC SET-UP***
 
MO2 Starfield Plugin (Not Necessary with Mod Organizer 2.5 or later)
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/681
 
Starfield Script Extender (SFSE)
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/106
 
Plugins.txt Enabler
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/4157
 
Address Library
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/3256
 
Console Command Runner
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/2740
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7318
 
 
 
***Bug Fix Mods***
 
Starfield Community Patch
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/1
 
Upscaling Fix 2
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/3930
 
Skill Fixes
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5660
 
Player Level Scaling
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7144
 
Ship Power Allocation Fix
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6707
 
 
 
***Added Functionality Mods***
 
CharGenMenu
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6850
 
Place Doors Yourself
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6601
 
SKK Fast Start New Game (Starfield)
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5971
 
Become or Edit Any (Human) NPC
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/716
 
Alternate Start Starfield
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/2076
 
SKK Ship Management Tools
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5466
 
Undress Anyone
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/1829
 
Underwater Diving Restoration
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7292
 
Shutdown Constellation Enable Companions Trigger NG
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7055
 
Extended Activation and NPC Interaction Distance
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6260
 
Seizure of Ships
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5212
 
 
 
***GUI and Menu Mods***
 
StarUI Configurator
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5467
 
StarUI HUD
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/3444
 
StarUI Inventory
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/773
 
StarUI Ship Builder
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6402
 
StarUI Outpost
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5766
 
StarUI Workbench
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/4966
 
Item Sorter
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5537
 
Outpost Resources Complete
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7261
 
Better Ship Part Flips
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5953
 
Better Ship Part Snaps
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5698
 
No Legendary Pick-up Notification
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5687
 
No Distant Map Markers
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6984
 
Fast Favorites Menu
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/1581
 
Show XP on Loading Screens
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5616
 
 
 
***Quality of Life Mods***
 
Better Crowd Citizens
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6218
 
Conner's Ordinary Conversations - Seek Out Stores
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5995
 
NPC Height Randomizer
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/2525
 
Sit to Add Ship to Fleet
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6493
 
Simple Offence Suppression
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/4456
 
Better Death Physics
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5600
 
No Weapon Death Drop
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7152
 
Scanner Closest Path Highlight Improvements
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6924
 
NG+ Fixes and Improvements
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/4657
 
No Contraband Scanning for Faction Members
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5103
 
Crowded Universe
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/2131
 
More Populous Space - CCR
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/3975
 
 
 
***Gameplay Mods***
 
PEAK - Enemy AI Module
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7120
 
PoI Faction Diversity
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7246
 
Ship Weapons Use Ammo
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6575
 
Ship Combat Overhaul - Modular ESMs
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5648
 
Ships Need Gas and Other Immersive Ship Systems
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7197
 
APOGEE Starship Combat Overhaul
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6159
 
More Mission Board Quests
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5708
 
 
 
***Survival and Exploration Mods***
 
Deadly Hazards
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5800
 
Starvival - Immersive Survival Addon
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6890
 
SSEO - Settled Systems Economy Overhaul
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6803
 
SSEO - Outpost Investor
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7025
 
SSEO - Starvival Patch
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7105
 
Terraformed Earth
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7175
 
Planet Naming Project
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7206

GRiNDTerra Gameplay Overhaul
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7328
 
More Planet Sites
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/2145?tab=description
 
No Empty Star System
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6041
 
 
 
***Economy and Item Mods***
 
Additional Weapons
https://www.nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6360
 
Legendary Module Recycler
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6074
 
Commerce Perk Increases Vendor Credits
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5719
 
Variable Contraband Prices
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5759
 
Immersive Contraband
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7213
 
Smuggler's Cache
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6578
 
Starfield Vanilla Expanded - Better Rewards
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5730
 
Rich Trade Authority - More credits for vendors
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5568
 
Astroneer - Become a Starship Designer
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7515
 
 
 
***Ship and Outpost Construction Mods***
 
Functional Brigs
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6330
 
Functional Infirmaries
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6386
 
Cob's Starship Customs
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7424
 
Habz
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7027
 
TN's Hab Tweaks
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5732
 
 
 
***Animation Mods***
 
Starfield Locomotion Innovation Mod
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/4588
 
Faster Airlock Hatch and Door Animations
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/2489
 
Faster Airlock Hatch and Door Animations - Sound Fix
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/4086
 
Faster Ship Animations - Taking Off - Landing - Docking
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/2815
 
No Sound in Space
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/3156/
 
More Immersive Landings and Take-offs
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/2835
 
More Visualized Docking
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/4679
 
 
 
***Aesthetic Mods***
 
Shadowy Shadows
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6410
 
Skin Tones for Children
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/6027
 
Cora changes
nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/5848