The warm midday sun warmed up the sand, its intensity almost unbearable if it was not for the waves striking against my feet. I could feel the wind pushing me forward, with both the salt of the ocean and grains of sand at my back. The whole beach egged me forwards, and my mind agreed, but my body stubbornly stayed put as oil dripped from my palms. “You need to cool off?” A deep, gruff voice penetrated my frozen state.

For some reason, I had been chosen by this Wyrin to “make his body as shiny as a pile of gold.” The tall lizard handed me a brown bottle as he laid rested on a beach chair, proudly showing off his finely chiseled body as he put his hands behind his head. 

Well, to be honest I know why he picked me. I was staring at as he exited the water. His wide shoulders, firm chest with gold piercings, chiseled sixpack, and the emerald speedo were lustrous in the sun after his dive. The wet, brown scales were eye catching; you know? Little did I know that he caught me… enjoying the view. With a grin he walked closer, and with his tall stature and broad body easily covered the sun. “I got a job for you.” He said, a strong hunger in his voice.

Feeling my hands dry up, I squeezed another healthy drop of oil onto them before I bent down and placed them on his calves. It was hard, hard as a rock! Though it was not surprising since his thighs looked like he could crush a rock between them. A laugh rolled down his body as he saw me put effort into rubbing the oil into his body. Sure, I needed to work to get the oil into his scales, but I must admit my hands lingered longer than they needed. My fingers glid from his heels to the wyrin’s knees. They traced around his upper calf, feeling the distinct diamond pattern cut into my palms as I kneaded to my heart’s content.

A satisfied hum vibrated through his chest as I travelled past his knee and came face to face with the boulder breaking thighs. As I put my palm atop it, pressing into the giving muscle, I felt it tense up. Pushing me away as the oiled hand barely covered one head of the three major muscles appearing. I turned towards him only to be met by a half opened, orange eye. “Go on.” He added, letting his tongue linger outside his toothy maw in a teasing manner.

One aiming to please and hoping that the sun would hide how much I was enjoying this, I covered his thighs with three lines, one across each muscle. If his calves were hard to budge, this felt like pushing against a mountain. With every drag against the wyrin’s tightly packed scales I had to put my back into it. Slowly pushing my palms up and down the rectus before I gripped around his thigh, happy with the sheen I had given the middle. It really should not have been, but it was a surprise to see that no matter how hard I stretched, my thumbs were not close to touching as I pressed into the wide thigh. Yet I kept on covering them in a thick layer of oil, spurred by my, let us say, curiosity over the wyrin.

By the time I had fully covered both legs, the hamstrings on the back were a wonder to the touch, I had built up quite the sweat. Might have been the sun, might have been the full body workout that is massaging this lizard’s legs, or it is possible I might have been enjoying this too much. Several times as my hands glid up his thigh, barely rubbing against the heft inside the emerald speedo, I felt my blood rush down into my swimwear. “Heh, nice job.” The wyrin said, admiring his oil covered legs as I took a breather. “Let’s do my back next.” His deep voice rumbled as he turned to lay on his stomach. Upon seeing his wide back and strong glutes, well, I for sure did not need to catch a breather anymore. 

Taking the opportunity, I decided to straddle his legs. Both to get a better reach, and to closer view to the broad backside. To my burning excitement, I brought my arms round his tail and grabbed his hips first, my fingers barely going under the speedo as I began to press into the upper glutes. As my slickened hands covered his sides in oil, a handprint accidentally left on his speedo as I “slipped” and felt the muscles underneath the revealing swimwear, I felt the wyrin’s tail coil around my waist possessively. Probably to give me better access, I thought. But with a strong pull I suddenly sat right beneath his tail, my crotch barely an inch away from touching his rear. The wyrin looked over his shoulder, a knowing grin spread across his maw as he whistled for my attention. “Keep going, you still need to cover my wings.”

Still hoping the blush on my face could be mistaken for the sun, I followed his command. Placing my hands on each side of the spine, the dark scales of his back already glistening from oil, I started to press into his back, once more putting all my weight into it to feel the slightest impression in this wall of solid muscle. A satisfied groan rumbled in the wyrin’s chest as my palms pressed into his obliques, stretching tense muscle outwards before it relaxed. Once the lower spine was covered, my fingers hovered over his “wings”. 

Wide was an understatement when it came to his lats. Hell, his upper back itself was a sculpted masterpiece like the rest of his body. But the way the wyrin’s lats, and traps, spread outwards making sure the lizard barely fit in this already large beach chair felt inspiring, if not a bit daunting. Not wanting to disappoint I pressed into them, following the sturdy sinews with the tip of my fingers. Their journey soon ending once they hit the pit of his arm. But why not take that journey again? Starting from his spine, I explored every nook and cranny my fingers could press into. The wyrin might have teased at one point, a laugh followed by “that tickles” as the pressure let up.

I must admit, at that point I was doing it for myself, more so than at the beginning, and the wyrin noticed. Once I reached his shoulders, I felt his tail pushed me back before releasing his grip. “That’s enough of that.” He said, turning around to face me. I could not help but glance down as the emerald speedo came to view again, the bulge even more prominent up close. “Is it, throbbing?” I asked under my breath. Before I could find out myself the wyrin gripped my hips, his sharp claws greedily pressing into my flanks, making me straddle his hips and sit atop his crotch, a strong pulse into my rear gave me the answer.

Before I could recover, the wyrian grabbed the bottle from beside me, flipped open the cork, and poured the remaining contents all over his chest. The oil slowly trickled down from his prominent chest, rolling around the curve of his pecs, across his pierced nipples, the golden studs only shining brighter in the sun, and dripped down onto his abdomen. Steadily his six-pack got filled, soon enough overflowing as the oil poured down towards his crotch. “Do you need instructions at this point?” He asked, already knowing the answer as my hands squeezed his pecs.

Even when he was not flexing, I had to put in effort for the pectorals to give way. This got even more apparent as he tensed his chest, the progress I had gotten kneading his firm front were erased within moments. “Go harder! I’m not some sensitive whelp.” His deep voice almost growled. This spark all I needed to redouble my efforts, pressing my entire palm into his pecs as I lifted, pressed, and pulled his chest as my curious mind demanded. My fingers brushed against his nipples as they covered his chest in a slick shine, the tender nub adorned with a seamless gold ring unsullied by the oil. Pinching the nipple made the wyrin inhale sharply, seems like even his hard scales and thick muscles has a few cracks. With a good grip, I pull down on the ring, forcing a pleasured grunt out of the wyrin and an aggressive throb in his speedo. 

A suggestive grin spread across the lizard’s maw after I released his piercing, his eyes challenging me to go again, only harder. Yet as I placed my palm atop his stomach, feeling the chiseled abs across my fingertips, every rise and crevice my nerves could register, catching the slick oil in my palm, I realize there is one place left to cover. 

Leaning in closer, able to smell the wyrin’s ashy breath, I grabbed onto his upper arm and started to spread the last oil across his biceps. Sparing no time, the lizard flexed, the dual headed muscle expanding taut against his light brown scales. At a glance I could tell that biceps were bigger than my hand could fully grasp, no thanks to the relaxed triceps beneath it that itself would be a challenge to encompass. But it did not stop me from trying to bend the rock-hard muscle to my whim, hoping to contain the constrained power within. Soon oil dripped onto the sand as I covered the bulging arm back to front, spreading outwards as I followed a vein across it. 

By the end I was sweating, the warmth of the sun combined with my own excitement demanded a lot out of me. But I did it, managed to cover the last of his arms with the oil, and I am ashamed to admit I gulped once he stood up from his chair and admired my handiwork. Every curve of his finely sculpted, rock hard, powerful body was accentuated beyond belief as he flexed in the hot sand. The taut scales barely hiding, no containing his muscles, each contour a line for my eyes to follow as I admired his body with each pose that followed.

“Drogoz.” The wyrin said, breaking me out of my shameless trance. Confused, I looked up into his yellow eyes hoping for an answer. He gripped my shoulder and stared back. “It’s good to know the name of the dragon you worship, especially one you’re going to service again.” Drogoz said, his deep, booming voice trying to claim me as part of his hoard before wandering off in the hot sun. 

Now, I am not sure about me being a part of his hoard, but I definitely wouldn’t mind doing that again.