Original Post: [>>49239036](https://warosu.org/vt/thread/S49222498#p49239036)
***
A rich man offering Alban compensation for dates, expensive gifts and dressing him in luxury goods. He's stable, comforting and a real gentleman despite the fact that their arrangement is very clearly built upon him buying Alban's time, affection and ass and despite trying to set boundaries for himself going into things Alban becomes a bit too trusting. In the past he's always been just a whore and not someone that any customer wants to take home, but this guy is paying his rent, his bills, and for any whim that Alban has, he gets a little bit sloppy. When 6 months down the line he asks if Alban wants to move in with him and to make the arrangement full time, he's blinded by the money and says yes without thinking. He spends so much time at the mansion anyway, it will save him in commute and there's plenty of space there for him to be able to have time alone. That's where he fucks up. It all goes normally at first, of course they're fucking more and he's wearing a 'uniform' around the house that he wouldn't be caught dead in outside but he's still got freedom, his own savings, and can do essentially as he pleases while his sugar daddy is at work. steadily though, it starts to go downhill without him realising it.
He's requested to only leave the house with his sugar daddy, which is weird but crime has been increasing downtown so he supposes it's just because he's being overprotective. He tries to access his personal bank account and finds himself locked out, but he has access to his sugar daddy's credit card so he'll deal with it later. Suddenly people are being invited over while he's wearing his 'uniform' and while it's embarrassing at first, it's not really that weird when everyone knows exactly why he's living with the guy. It's just short shorts, a little apron if he's doing house work and a slightly too short t-shirt when you break it down into parts.
Red flags don't even raise when he starts to be used in front of guests either. His mind is becoming more and more conditioned into accepting suggestions without requesting immediate compensation in return. Sugar daddy wants him to suck him off in front of the guests at the pool party? He'll do it, everyone knows that he's a live in whore anyway. Sugar daddy wants to pass him around the guests after a dinner party? We'll he is getting to live this life of luxury so it's not that big of a deal. The acts become more demeaning? Well he's already used to being positioned at parties for free use among the guests so if his sugar daddy would rather use his mouth as a urinal than take 5minutes away from his guests then he'll get down on his knees and swallow it down, thanking him afterwards. week by week he's being used less like a valued piece of arm candy and more like the cheap whore that he used to be, minus the freedom that he used to have back then.
It hits him all at once three years down the line. He sees how his sugar daddy looks at a younger boy when they're out together, his eyes lingering and a smirk quirking his lips. He asks Alban what Alban thinks it would take to break him and get him agreeing to live the life that Alban does, and that's when it hits Alban just how replaceable he is. That night he tries to get into his bank accounts again and finds them all closed. He panics, realising just how much the life he's living has deviated from the original agreement and just how dependant he is on a man who rarely even wants to take him out of the house anymore and who gives him zero freedom of his own. He considers running but he has no where to go, he doesn't even know if the friends he used to have in the city still live there, he's so isolated from everyone. As tears start to well up in his eyes, he's called to the master bedroom, at least sobbing doesn't seem out of place when he's being brutally fucked.
When his sugar daddy comes home two weeks later with the boy he'd been eying up on his arm, Alban feels the last bit of hope leave him. Even if he's kept around, he's no longer the favourite. That night as he's called in to show the new boy the ropes, he plans to spill everything to him, in hopes that the new boy will run. It's clear that his sugar daddy catches on though. He's slammed against a wall after and told in no uncertain terms that the moment he opens his mouth he's on the street. He has no option to be an obedient little slut, increasingly watching neglected from the sidelines and new toys take his place, plotting how to escape with enough to start a new life outside of the mansion.