##### `That Time of the Month`
>Setting down your pen and shutting the ledger on your desk you straighten your posture out of a hunch with a couple spine pops and a deep breath. All the planning, filing, and researching is up-to-date for the new week. Today is a Thursday, and management informed all associates earlier this week that this Friday will be a day off, due to unspecified building renovations. A vigorous hustle was required throughout the week from you and your colleagues to accommodate for the 3-day weekend. Despite everyone's best, nearly all are working very late tonight, including you. The clock on the wall shows it's 3 quarters to midnight. You glance to the man left of you as he yawns with the completion of his own tasks. He is dressed nearly identical to you, a well-fitting black suit and dress shoes, collard white undershirt; straightening his red tie as he tells you with with a chuckle that although his unusual work load here is complete, the real work will begin at home. You have a good relationship with the man, almost a friendship, and inquire with him curiously what he means. A blank stare meets you before a coy smile tugs one side of his mouth. He beckons with a finger at the calendar on the corner of your desk.
>'It's that time of the month again', you remark with silent surprise to yourself, staring down with a worried expression at today's date, January 28th, circled with overlapping red ink.The words "full moon" printed in italics next to the date have been double underlined with heavy penstrokes.
>He laughs ominously, earning quick glances from two other coworkers reclining after completion. "You didn't forget did you?", he asks somewhat mockingly, knowing full well you did by the look on your face. You look away to the picture of your wife at the rear middle of your desk, a photo from your honeymoon.

>The picture is worth every penny you payed to have it taken. She is poised with her fingers interlaced over a strapless black dress and corset the same color as the hair flowing behind her shoulders, the dress covers her knees stopping just past the start of two long laced shoes of the same color. Her pose is stoic and ladylike on the sidewalk of a charming city, a waxing gibbus moon at the top of the frame illuminates her grey fur. A content smile in the corner of her face showing no teeth save for the glistening of her jutting top canines. Yellow eyes so bright they give a bit of glow to the short fur of her face. Her elegance and beauty are striking in contrast with the power she exudes, her muscular frame and stature are greater than that of any normal man; you're certain that a negligent swing of a clawed hand could kill. Her fine point black claws are almost reminiscent of painted finger nails against the sleek grey above them. You have been married for a little more than three months now, and in that time you've learned how acutely connected wolven are to the lunar cycle. A full moon generates the highest energy within them, during this time they seek the company of family, and/or hunt game. They are fiercely strong beings, both male and female alike, their strength and prowess magnifies to its climax when the moon completes its ascent. Every city throughout the land shared between the two species has a dusk curfew for wolven on the night of the moon. The curfew stands with the weight of the law, existing solely for the safety of humans. Amongst their own kind wolven are free to express themselves without worry, being in the company of humans, however, runs the risk of tragedy. You've experienced two moons with your wife since you've known her, each was difficult to say the least. Female wolven are driven with the urge to copulate at the cycles fulfillment.

>This fact was not immediately clear to you, your understanding this necessitated an explanation from none other than the coworker next to you. Last month you shared with him in limited detail your concern over the degree of your wife's forcefulness and the intensity of her emotion on the moon. He himself betrothed to a wolven by many years, you sought his knowledge. He found humor in your novice, confirming with instruction your suspicion of lunar relation.
>You look back to the man to see him now lost in his own framed photo, a faint hint of worry in his expression.
>Everyone rouses their attention to the door on the end of the room as the lead manager steps through, an older gentleman, dressed in black suit and red tie, which seems to be the outfit of choice for all male employees. He addresses the room with a cheerful demeanor and begins handing out pay stubs to the employees front of you, they exchange pleasantries and make leave. Sifting through envelopes he walks a few paces to your desk. He commends you for your work, and jokingly comments that you should get some rest, if the misses will let you. A light chuckle escapes him and the man to your left. You wonder if the confidence in which you spoke was violated, but you know this senior leader is, coincidentally, also married by many years to a wolven. No doubt he is just poking fun at your young marriage.
>You bid them both a goodnight, exiting and routing yourself at a brisk pace through the town square towards home. At this late hour you know your wife is wondering where you are, you hope she isnt piqued with impatience. Nervousness surfaces within you at the thought. She always waits up for you, and tonight being one of lunar circumstance you know her emotional state is unpredictable. As you reach the end of the square the light from lampposts fades in the distance with only the moon to shine the path. You think back to the previous moon, and the days leading up.