# the Arremer's Assault
-> ArcadianRhythm <-
***
Your village was an old one, it'd survived many, many uprisings from the Makai, the demon realm bordering ours. Time and again, tales of a lone knight braving this threatening, foreign world had reached your neck of the woods. You were never satisfied being just some bumpkin, living out your life tending to crops, in constant fear of another invasion by these otherworldly forces. In search of adventure, you step out into the world, discarding the life you'd lived thus far, taking nought but a rusted blade with you. You wished to experience that which you'd only heard in legend, high adventure.

'Twas not long before you ran into issue, passing through a graveyard, you were scared out of your wits. You'd always been superstitious, the thought of some zombies clawing out of their graves permeated your mind, chilling you to your bones. This preoccupation would cost you however, you failed to notice the crimson silhouette staring down at you, eyeing up it's prey like a vulture. Hearing a sharp swoop, you spin around, brandishing your shoddy weapon, you stare up at the source of this noise.

An Arremer, deadly and powerful, you'd never imagined you could encounter one this close to the village. The red menace swoops down to you, pinning your sword arm to the ground with it's taloned grasp. It lets out a shrill cackle at your feeble struggles, lowering it's beaked head to you, it stares at you with fiery eyes. Knocking your blade away, he slowly drags you to a headstone, slamming you against it violently. Was this it, did your foolish trip really cost you your life in this way? You hadn't even ventured for a whole day, surely it wouldn't end here, right? Opening your eyes, terrified, you stare up at your assailant, glowering over you, as your eyes drag along his scarlet body, you see it. 

He's at full mast, his plump balls hanging low. You weren't going to die, at least not yet. He strokes himself languidly, almost teasing you for being so weak. Reaching down with his clawed foot, he tears through the thin fabric of your pants, exposing you to the chilled air. As scared as you were, your manhood betrayed you, springing to attention, the Arremer cheekily grinned down on you. His boney foot clamping down on you, he strokes you roughly, forcing a moan from your lips. This only serves to egg him on, stroking faster, he slowly bends down to you, pressing his beak against your lips, his tongue forces itself into your mouth. His stimulation near constant, you start to buck into his clawed grasp. No longer afraid of what's happening to you, only seeking the sweet release.

He won't grant it so swiftly however, he releases you from his clutches, your member sore from his crushing grip. Before you're able to realise his intentions, he pushes you back against the gravestone. His ruby cheeks threatening to crush you against the stone surface. The smell hits you after his ass does, sulphuric, like the very pits of Hell were inside him. It's obvious what he wants, and as hard as it is to admit, you want it too. You gently lick his taint, his sweat gracing your tongue almost smoky, slowly you shuffle your way to his backdoor. His puckered hole eagerly winks at you, taking a deep breath of his demonic scent, you bury yourself in his ass. Licking eagerly at his hole, you feel him pressing against you, shifting as he grinds into you. Suddenly, your length is engulfed by his leathery grip once more. His hold on you tight, he gingerly strokes you, intentionally slow, as if to keep you on the edge until he deems you fit to finish. Your tongue buried deep inside him, your arms instinctively go to his hips, desperately trying to satisfy him. 

What feels like an eternity passes of his deliberate strokes, before finally, his behind pulls away from you. Your hair now matted by his sweat, you're a mess, desperate for release. His sardonic grin over you, his shrill laugh sounds once more. Stony wings surround you as he kneels down on top of you, his throbbing desire slapping against your stomach. His hand reaches back, pushing the tip of your needy cock against his slick hole. You stare up at this gargoyle, barely keeping yourself from thrusting into him, your eyes plead with his devilish stare. Planting his hands on your chest, he leans forward and kisses you once more, tenderly this time, taking care to get you lost in the moment. 

*Slap* Your hips collide with his ample behind, cutting the kiss short, you let out a moan of pleasure, your body shivering from the treatment. *Slap* With every smack against your hips, he ever so slowly drags his rear up again, depriving you of the burning heat in his tight hole- *Slap* Before once again blessing you with his ass' unholy embrace. His pace increases with every slap against your hips, his hands gingerly tracing the contours of your body as he rides you. His lidded eyes staring down on your helpless body, you feel at peace. This is better than any high adventure you could have had. You lay beneath him, too tired now from his assault on your senses to even thrust into him. Your moans almost constant as a result of his avid use of you. He lifts one hand from you to start stroking his cherry cock, the red length throbbing, eager to paint you with his fiendish seed. The tugging of his length is frenzied, his hand a blur as he crushes your phallus with similar fervor. 

With a final harsh slam against you, he begins to empty himself, clenching down on your dick. His thick cum sprays onto you, coating your chest and face with the burning, hellish semen. Between the stream of his ejaculate covering your body and his insides squeezing you like a vice, you burst, your own load painting his searingly hot insides white. Basking in the afterglow, your ruby lover leans into you, once more softly kissing you, his beaked mouth pressing against your lips, you eagerly reciprocate the gesture. His wings softly cover the both of you as your exhausted body gives out beneath him.
