HAL!!
HI [STUPID](https://rentry.co/otaconnie), ok so first of all we love y'all so fucking much omg☹️☹️ it's so fun to joke around with you guys and play stupid shit. You never fail to make me laugh. You're so silly man dont ever stop being you, even if that means being an absolute dumbass sometimes 😭 it's been like what four months but we've already grown close to you guys, dude I couldn't be happier. It's so fun to talk to you, and like you're never gonna stop being my friend btw ummm you're stuck here. :3 I wannalike grab you by your neck and just squeeze you to death I love y'all

DUDE!!
Hi omg [stinkyyy](https://rentry.co/resbiohazard), dude I love you so much you are so damn funny 😭you are so SILLY!!! Ilove calling with you and like you are so kind ☹️☹️ you are one of the BEST things I could ever fucking ask for in a friend man, you make everything so enthusiastic and fun!! You bring a smile to our face everytime we either call, or just text. You've literally been here for me like at my lowest and helped me I love you so ☹️much !! Even though you're little autistic it's okay you're still funny and silly ❤ youre stuck being my friend lawl

ROLLON!!
[Rollon](https://rentry.co/basilandomori). Rollon, you silly fucking schizophrenic. I love you so much actually, and like you're very quick to notice when someone's upset just by a tone of text which is like so surprising 😭 dude I'm so happy that your computer was from like ancient Egypt and you asked if anyone wanted to watch you play tsp because we would have never met if it wasn't and you didn't ask. I love calling you, like everyday, either at 5 in the morning or 3 pm in the afternoon. Never, NEVER stop being you. You're so silly I love you, I'm going to climb into your ribcage and live there actually.

GRIZZLY!!
[GRIZLY](https://rentry.co/enchantingrune) GRIZZly my favorite dog ^_^ oh my gosh, I don't know how you put up with me but I inspire to be like u joke. I love randomly asking you to call out of nowhere and making you play dumb ass horror games with me. That gods will game was so chaotic 😭😭 I'm SO glad I met you?? Also if I see anymore art of scu and it's your bfs or your art I'm actually gonna punch you to death. I love the random cat photos you send saying "I'm gonna do this to u" and the random ass slideshows of cute animals you send me on tiktok. Love you silly.