You're out on a camping trip alone, enjoying the great outdoors, having some time away from people, since people kinda suck. Also your friends kinda bailed on you last second, either way, you're trying to make the best of it, having set up a fairly large tent and decent fire-pit nearby to a river. You decide to spend a little time fishing, try and get a nice catch for dinner, you attach the bait to your line and fling it out into the river. You're not to experienced an angler, but you at least have a clue of how it works, sitting back, you look up at the sky and watch the clouds breeze by waiting for a bite on the line.

You come back to your senses as you feel a strong tugging on the line, you sink your feet into the ground, steadying yourself, you wrench the rod up, pulling against the fish. You're in for one hell of a meal tonight if you can manage to bag this one! You slowly start to reel it in, doing your best to keep steady without putting too much tension onto the line. You see the surface of the water start to break as your catch comes closer. Maybe it's just your eyes, but it doesn't look like any fish native to these waters. The creature makes a sharp turn in the water, going in your direction. You fall backwards onto your ass, looking up once more, you see the creature surface, it's silhouette menacing as it trudges onto the riverbank. The creature is covered in rough scales, appearing to be some kind of crocodilian hybrid. You stay laying there, overcome by fear as the creature towers over you, letting out some kind of low growl. You spot a large fish in it's maw, your hook piercing it. You move slowly and carefully, your heart and mind racing faster than you could imagine, were you going to die here by this monster's hand? Was this the end? The crocodile steps closer, you close your eyes scared that this was it for you, feeling his larger body bend down in front of you, his slow, heavy breath against your face.

Something wet and heavy lands in your lap, opening your eyes, the fish that it had caught flopping around a in your lap, you look back up to see the croc smiling a toothy grin. Still scared half to death you trip over your words, not sure if this means your safe or if he's about to take a bite out of your head. "Wh-what the fuck?" you manage to utter in your confused state, the crocodile leans back letting out a loud and hearty laugh. You smile awkwardly, happy that you aren't it's next dinner, for now at least. The croc slowly leans back down to you, offering a hand, you take it, his large hand wet and cold as he pulls you up, the fish falls to the ground beneath you. "Haven't had many come by lately." he says in a law husky voice, a slight accent audible, "Good to have yah, mate. Been a while since I've had cooked grub, dunno how to set up the pit myself." Taken aback, you stare up into the emerald eyes of the reptile. "You right?" he asks, snapping you out of your stare, "Been staring an awful long time, buddy." You look back to the campsite then back to the croc, "Wait, what?" you ask. "Well, seeing as we both caught the fish I was thinking we could share it, people used to come here all the time to hang out with me, but it's been a good couple years." he trails off, looking somewhat dejected, "If you don't wanna have me join yah, just say so, I'll go wait until the next person shows." You put your hand onto the croc's, his head turning to look at you, you say to him, "I think it'd be great to have some company! I'm out here all alone, I just had no clue someone like you was out there..." You see his grin return as soon as you say the words, his large arms suddenly wrap around you, embracing you tightly. you feel his now dried chest expand and contract against you in time with his breath. Surrounded by his scent, you find yourself getting lost in his arms.

You come back to your senses as he starts ... purring? You look up to him, not knowing that crocodiles could purr, he looks down at you, "Sorry little fellah, you're just quite warm, kinda enjoying the feeling is all." You smile up at him, slowly pulling away, "Well, we can cuddle a bit later on if you want to, for now lets get some more fish, I doubt we'd be able to split this one fish." He smiles back at you, picking it up, "I'll go catch some more then, where should I put them and how many should I get?" You quickly dash over to your supplies, setting out a small tarp, a fold out table and some cooking utensils, he slowly walks over and plops the now dead fish onto the table. "Maybe three or four fish should be enough, if there's too much, I have a portable cooler in the car, so none of it will go to waste." The croc smiles at you, happy to hear that, "Well, if you can get everything set up to cook us some grub, I'll get your fish, and you better have some brewskis in the Esky, going to need something to wash the fish down eh?" He chuckles as he turns and walks to the river and dives in. You turn your attention back to setting up to cook, you get to work.

Before long the sun's setting, the croc has already gotten the fish and is sitting down by the fire pit, you finish boning the fish and cutting it into chunks. You walk over to him, you gently tap him on the shoulder, "Want to learn how to start a fire?" you ask him softly, his eyes light up at the idea. "Would that be okay though? Everybody always acted like it was dangerous." He looks at the pit warily, "So long as you know what you're doing and make sure nothing flammable is close to the pit, it should be okay!" You walk back to the car, grabbing a cheap metal lighter out, you show it to him. He simply stares at it confused, "Where's the fire come from though?" You smile, flipping the lid open and flicking it on, his eyes stare at the flame coming out. You light a scrap of paper on fire and toss it into the pit, starting your campfire, you then close the lid, putting out the lighter's flame and hand it to him. His big hands fumble with it, trying to work out how to light it, "Is it just flicking this bit like you did?" The flame starts to come out and he smiles wider than you thought possible. Heading back over to the fish-chunks, you drive skewers through them and bring them back to the fire, slowly cooking the chunks of fish. The croc seems preoccupied with the lighter, so you gently nudge him, he looks over to you, finally putting the lighter down and taking his skewer. You gently rest your head against him as you cook your dinner, once the fish reaches that perfect color of cooked, you bite it straight of the skewer, prompting your companion to do the same. 

After a long and delicious dinner and a couple beers, you finally rest yourself against the large croc, feeling his rough scales against your soft skin. He smiles down at you and wraps an arm around you, scooping you up and sitting you on his lap, facing him. Your face rests against his chest's scales, which are quite smooth to the touch, slowly his hands embrace you again, feeling up your torso through your shirt. "If it's no trouble mate, could I ask yah to take it off?" He asks somewhat shyly, you comply immediately, tossing it to the side as you snuggle into him. His strong arms slowly caress your back, the scales and claws brushing over you carefully as to not nick you. You find yourself lost in the feeling of being in his arms once again, your mind going blank except for the way he's gently holding you, treating you as though he could break you with one wrong move- which he likely could honestly -he gently presses his snout against the top of your head and gives what you assume to be a kiss. After what you assume is at least a couple minutes you lean back and ask him a question, "Would you like to sleep with me?" you nervously sputter out. His face beams, nodding quickly as he smiles down, you slowly get up and head over to your tent, "Stay there for one moment!" you yell out as you quickly change into something comfy to sleep in, heading out to grab him, you see him playing with the lighter once more.

You pull him into the tent after you, closing it behind him once he enters, you can tell he isn't used to sleeping indoors. "We usually sleep inside, in beds, but since we're camping, I've got a tent and a sleeping bag." you smile at him as you turn on a small battery powered lamp. You unzip your sleeping bag, happy that you got one a few sizes too big, he slowly slips himself in with you, cuddling up and spooning you. "I don't know about you, but this is the best day I've had in a long time" the croc says gently, "This is the best camping trip I've been on." you reply happily. The cool body holding you tight feels comforting, as if nothing could ever hurt you while you lay there. You slowly fall asleep as he starts to purr once more.