As Roderick struggled against his bindings, teeth clenching down onto the foul-tasting cloth stuffed in his mouth as an impromptu gag, he considered how his life had gone so terribly wrong.

He’d lived a rather comfortable life as a hunter for his village, up until that moment. Many lives had depended on his tracking and trapping skills, and he’d even managed to become a bit of a celebrity for his abilities. It helped that—not to toot his own horn—he was pretty attractive, and so often had his pick of the local beauties with which to share his bed after a long day in the forests.

It was his damned sense of duty that got him in the end. When he’d seen the tracks of an orcish scouting party, he couldn’t stop himself from following it; orcs could only mean trouble for the village, and if he could get a count of their numbers and an idea of their interest in the village, he could warn the village and prevent a raid. He’d be a hero, and if he wasn’t currently the most eligible bachelor in town, saving everyone from an attack by the greenskin barbarians would certainly cement his status.

He’d been lost in fantasies of the acclaim he’d win—and all the debutantes who would be all but throwing themselves at him—when he’d been struck on the back of the head and knocked into unconsciousness.

And that was how Roderick found himself bound and gagged, lying on his side near a roaring campfire. He could see the shadows of late evening already creeping through the surrounding trees, making the light of the fire dance and cast strange shapes around the small clearing. He could also hear raucous laughing and chatter from behind him—his captors, no doubt. He looked around, trying to find a sharp stone he could use to cut the rough ropes around his wrists and ankles, but the movement had apparently finally caught the eye of one of his captors. 

“Oi! I fink ‘e’s awake!” 

He felt a massive hand grab his shoulder and flip him onto his back, and he finally caught sight of the ones who’d captured him as they loomed over him. Orcs. Three of them, clad only in rough leather plating. Their tusks glinted in the firelight, jutting up from their lower jaws and stretched their lips as they twisted into sneering grins. Roderick froze, staring up at the barbarians, and couldn’t stop a shudder from running down his spine at the animalistic malice shining in the orcs’ eyes. 

One of them, his gut firm, round, and coated with wiry salt-and-pepper hair, kneeled down to pat his face with mocking tenderness. “Poor l’il ‘umie, out ‘ere all alone.” Roderick recognized this one’s voice as the one he’d heard a moment ago. The human glared, which only made the orc guffaw and ruffle Roderick’s short-cropped hair. “Don’ worry, l’il lad. We’s gonna keep ya com’p’ny. Oi, ‘and me dat knife!” That last part was bellowed at one of his companions.

“L’il scrawny ta play wif, inn’e?” The second orc, his dark hair pulled back into an oily ponytail, snorted and moved to yank a large knife out of the deer carcass hanging from a tree at the edge of the orcish camp. His pale tongue darted out to lap up the blood coating the knife’s razor edge, and then he tossed it to Gut. “Dunno why ye e’en thought ta bring ‘im along.”

The third orc shrugged. “’Cuz i’s been nine fuckin’ moons we been out ‘ere, n’ I need some’n up me arse dat ain’t you two lugs.” He shot Roderick a grin, and the human noticed that his left tusk was chipped off at the tip. “Saw ya snoopin’ ‘round our camp, human. If ya wanned ta see boar dick dat bad, all ya needed ta do was ask.” He reached down to scratch his bare, shamelessly-displayed manhood and shake the girthy shaft at his captive; unlike his companions, his loincloth was missing.

Roderick suddenly realized what the acrid, gamey taste burning on his tongue was, and felt his stomach heave.

Gut brandished the knife in his grip, and Roderick’s eyes grew wide as he struggled. “Now, now, none a’ dat. Might cut’cha, l’il ‘umie. Don’t want dat now, do ya?” With another grin he began to cut away Roderick’s jerkin and the thin shirt underneath. Roderick groaned and let out an embarrassing whimper into the cloth stuffed in his mouth as he felt the sharp edge tracing over his delicate skin.

Ponytail scoffed at the sound and crossed his arms over his broad chest. “Jus’ listen ta ‘im, whimperin’ like a babe.” The scorn in his voice made Roderick flush with mixed rage and shame, but he couldn’t stop another muffled gasp as Gut roughly tore his clothing away to bare the human’s lithe, hairless chest. “Hah! Fuckin’ looks like one, too!” 

Roderick had weathered the odd jibe from his fellow men about his lanky figure and beardless face, but the human had always prided himself on his slim form; it allowed him to be swift in his pursuit of game, and the ladies loved his boyish charm. “Better than being a disgusting barbarian,” Roderick would have answered if his mouth wasn’t gagged with the unwashed loincloth of one of those barbarians.

Said barbarian, the chip-tusked orc, kneeled at Roderick’s side. “I fink e’s kinda cute.” One calloused fingertip moved to brush over and around one of the human’s dark-colored nipples, drawing another gasp from his captive. Roderick’s nipples had always been sensitive, and one of the things he loved most was to have them played with while he worked himself in and out of a fair, blushing lass. The burning of Roderick’s cheeks turned to that of embarrassment at the involuntary jerk of his hips when Chip gave his nipple a playful pinch.

“Har, keep it up. Looks like ‘e likes it!” Gut’s round belly shook with laughter at the human squirming underneath him as he moved down to begin cutting away Roderick’s trousers. Roderick began to groan and cry out into his gag as the leather encasing his legs was sliced away, and then froze in fear when he felt the sharp edge of the knife against his inner thigh. “Lesse what’cha got in’ ere, lad.” Gut gave Roderick an almost flirtatious wink, and then roughly tore the remnants of his pants away.

Silence fell over the orcish camp. Gut stared. Ponytail stared. Chip stared. Roderick took quick, heaving breaths through his nose, still frozen under the greenskins’ combined gaze. 

There was one more thing that Roderick prided himself on. Something that made the ladies swoon and drew jealous glances from men in the public baths. Roderick was blessed by the gods with an inordinately large manhood; his pendulous sack hung low and heavy between his legs, and the long, thick, fat-headed shaft had left many a woman a panting, pleasured mess. Already, a mixture of fear, adrenaline, and Chip teasing his nipples—his sweet spot—had begun to awaken the serpent Even only half-hard, the human was bigger than any other man in his village, and precum had already filled his ample foreskin and begun to dribble out of the tight opening at the tip. The pearly liquid caught in the soft, meager tufts of hair at the base of the shaft, glinting in the firelight.  

Ponytail was the first to find his voice. He cleared his throat and, in a voice churning with barely-concealed lust, said, “I call dibs.” 

“Fuck you! I found ‘im, e’s mine!” Chip shot Ponytail a heated glare, and bared his tusks at his companion.

“Oi, shut’cher cockholsters,” Gut roared before the two other orcs could break out into an argument. Ponytail and Chip immediately clamped their mouths shut, glowering at the larger orc but offering no other challenge. Was Gut the leader of this scouting band? Before Roderick could contemplate the possibility further, his felt a rough, meaty hand wrap around his pulsing cock and give it a squeeze. His organ, uncaring of where the stimulation was coming from, hardened to full erection as Gut rolled the human’s tight foreskin back and forth over the tender head. Roderick continued to squirm and struggle, panting and groaning into the gag in his mouth. When Gut leaned down to give the manhood in his grip a deep, appraising sniff, the human took the opportunity to drive his bound, still-booted feet into the barbarian’s gut—and winced as pain shot up his legs, as though he’d just attempted to kick a solid boulder. The orc, meanwhile, merely grunted and guffawed, and flicked his tongue against Roderick’s bared cockhead with a teasing smirk. “Feisty l’il lad, ain’tcha?” He hummed, and finally drew away from Roderick’s crotch. “I fink I gots an idea.” 

“Lemme ‘ave ‘im ‘cause I found ‘im first?” 

“Fuck no.” Gut stood, looming over Roderick as he began to remove what little clothing he was wearing. His leather armor was tossed aside carelessly, and he slowly rubbed the throbbing bulge under his loincloth to bring the malehood within to full erection. “We’s gonna ‘ave us a l’il contest—whoever gets the ‘umie ta cum hardest gets ta keep ‘im. Only rule is ye can only use yer cunt fer it. Soun’ fair?” 

“You gonna be competin’ too?” Chip was eying the older orc’s bulge, his tongue darting across his lips even as he tossed his own armor aside. Once he was completely nude, he moved forward to fondle Gut’s crotch and pull his fellow orc’s stained, dingy loincloth off.

“‘Course I am. Yous young’uns can’t ‘ave all tha fun.” Gut’s own erection—much shorter than Chip’s manhood, but just as plump as the rest of him—jumped and dribbled as the older orc watched Chip bring his loincloth to his nose to give it a sniff. 

Chips eyes fluttered as he ground the dirty cloth against his snout-like nose and breathed in deep, and then tossed it near his own discarded armor. “Fine, yer on, grey-hair.” 

“Me hair ain’t all grey yet, ya l’il bastard!” With a belly-shaking laugh, Gut clapped Chip on the shoulder. Then he leaned in to scrape a tusk against Chip’s throat, making the younger orc moan with lust.

As his two companions exchanged their banter and affections, Ponytail finished setting his own meager armor and loincloth aside. Were Roderick paying attention, and not wildly looking around for some way to escape the debauchery of his orcish captors, he may have seen the way the orc bit his lip and allowed an apprehensive expression to cross his face as he watched the human’s erection bounce and bat against his thighs and stomach in his struggling. But for however nervous he may have been, Ponytail’s own cock was just as hard as those of the other present males. It bobbed before him as he made his way over as well, arms still crossed over his chest. “Well den, who’s first?” 

“Elders first, a’ course.”

Chip opened his mouth to protest, but a glare from Gut kept him from speaking out. He nodded, and let out a sulky, “Aye.” 

“Good. Now den…” Gut and the other two orcs turned back to their captive, making the human freeze and balk under their combined lustful stares once more. Roderick tried to squirm away, letting out muffled yells into his gag as Gut moved to straddle him. The orc placed a heavy hand on Roderick’s chest, thumb swirling over one pert nipple, and pinned him in place. With his other hand, he reached behind him to squeeze and pump the human’s flagging cock back to full erection. Roderick gasped when the head of his cock pressed against the orc’s sweat-slick pucker, and began to buck his hips to try to knock Gut off of him. The orc scowled and rumbled in0 frustration as the human’s struggling knocked his positioning off again and again. “Fuck, could ya two stop gawkin’ n’ hold ‘im down?” 

The two other orcs moved forward, Ponytail grabbing Roderick’s ankles while Chip squatted near the human’s head to pin his shoulders. Try as he might, Roderick couldn’t win against the combined weight of the three larger men holding him down. His head fell back as he took deep, desperate breaths through his nose, and he got a lungful of Chips thick, cloying crotch musk for his troubles.

If the taste of the orc’s unwashed loincloth had been foul to the human, then the barbarian’s crotch-stink was even more so. Sweaty and spicy, sharp and unbearably masculine, it burned in Roderick’s nose and made his head swim. He groaned, closing his eyes tight against the sight of the green-skinned shaft bouncing and swinging right near his face.

“Dat’s it, you jus’ huff me dick, human. Ya like it?” Chip made sure to press the hot, musky flesh of his cock against Roderick’s cheek and nose, drawing another whimper from the trapped human.

“Oi, I said ye could only use yer cunt.” Gut grunted, and finally pushed the head of Roderick’s thick cock into the ring of his hole. “Thanks fer distractin’ ‘im, though.” He set both of his hands on the human’s chest, pinching his captive’s nipples and rolling the firm buds between the thumb and forefinger of each hand as, with a low groan, he sat down firmly onto Roderick’s hips. 

Roderick did his best to resist, he really did; he screwed his eyes shut and held his breath against the assault of Chip’s overpowering musk, and clenched the muscles of his legs to keep from rocking his hips up into the tight, wet heat engulfing his cock. But the damned barbarian teasing his weak spot so gently and thoroughly made his shaft throb and pulse against the orc’s silky inner walls. The sensations shooting through his crotch like lightening forced him to take sharp breaths through his nose. And the pungent smell of sweaty balls, unwashed cock, and swampy ass from the orcish crotch hovering near his face made his lungs burn and his racing thoughts scatter. Roderick tried to imagine that it was one of the village’s more portly lasses riding him, but the hairiness of the plump cheeks grinding down on him, the wet smack of the fat balls and cock bouncing against his stomach, and the deep, masculine grunting of the orc fucking himself on the human’s shamefully-turgid erection quickly shattered that fantasy.

Nevertheless, it only took a few minutes of milking from Gut’s hole to make Roderick cry out into his gag as a toe-curling orgasm rocked through him.

Gut threw his head back and let out a rumbling moan as he hilted the human cock, his clenching pucker grinding on the base of Roderick’s manhood. For a moment, the human feared that the barbarian would blow his own seed across his stomach and chest, but the eruption never came; Gut took long, deep breaths, and finally let out a gusty sigh as the bouncing and jerking of his swollen prick calmed. “Har, dat was a fuckin’ big one, lad. Might ‘ave a few bouncin’ baby boars by da time we makes it back ta the clan grounds.” With a grin and another flirtatious wink, the orc slowly pulled off to let Roderick’s cum-slickened erection fall out of his ass with a wet plop.

“Ancestors’ stinkin’ balls…” Ponytail let out a low whistle of approval from behind Gut, watching the older orc’s stretched, reddened hole wink and try to close down to keep the thick seed inside from leaking out.

“Better start imaginin’ dose stinkin’, sweaty balls pumpin’ ya full’a boars, lad.” As he scooted forward and lifted one leg to dismount from the captive’s hips, Gut shot a wide grin over his shoulder at the younger orc. “S’ yer turn.” 

As Ponytail nodded, taking Gut’s place straddling Roderick’s crotch, the human desperately tried to will his manhood to soften—his thick shaft to shrivel and shrink, and his low-hanging balls to cling tight to his body. However, there was one last thing that Roderick had always prided himself on, and which now proved to be the human’s ultimate downfall; Roderick had been blessed with the libido and stamina to keep the fun going long into the night. Moreover, to his embarrassed horror, Roderick found that the rich musk of the orcs surrounding him was beginning to fuel his traitorous manhood’s lust; his shaft throbbed with each lungful of the spicy stench, and trails of precum were already flowing down his smut-coated length once more.

Ponytail grasped the well-lubricated erection in a firm grip, biting his lip once more as he pressed Roderick’s meaty cock-head against his tightly-puckered entrance. He grunted, but even with the slick cum and precum coating it, the shaft couldn’t slip through the orc’s tensed ring. It took Gut wrapping one arm around Ponytail’s chest from behind while the other took over squeezing and stabilizing the captive’s cock to make the younger orc’s hole start to relax. “S’alright, lad. Breathe in deep. Relax. Dat’s a good boar…” Gut murmured into Ponytail’s sharp-pointed ear and ground his tusks against the younger orc’s throat, drawing a low groan from Ponytail’s slack lips. Roderick’s face burned at the lustful perversion of paternal affection rumbling in the older orc’s crooning voice; he knew some men of the village preferred laying with each other instead of the many beautiful, available village girls, but that was not for him. He was not attracted to men, especially not sweaty, unwashed barbarian greenskins. The display before him was not making his hips rock up against Ponytail’s taut, pulsing rosebud.

Rodrick’s thoughts scattered once more as, with a grunt, Gut pushed down on Ponytail’s hips to force the first couple inches of the human’s cock into the orc’s ass.

Tight. Too tight. Painfully tight. Roderick’s muffled screams mingled with Ponytail’s own whimpered cries as the two joined. Ponytail’s slick inner walls clung to the flesh of Roderick’s shaft, rolling the human’s foreskin back as the orc forced himself to hilt Roderick’s manhood within himself. The two locked eyes, and the human was surprised to feel a pang in his chest as he and Ponytail shared a brief moment of understanding that transcended their species. Ponytail set his hands on Roderick’s chest and, with another approving murmur from Gut, began to slide himself up and down the captive human’s length. 

Chip, meanwhile, watched jealously as the older orc tended to Ponytail. With a grunt, he repositioned himself to straddle Roderick’s face once more. The human blinked as his eye contact with the orc riding him was broken, and then let out a muffled groan as he realized the position he was in; he was staring up at Chip’s dank, hair-filled cleft, the hole buried between the firm, parted cheeks giving the captive human a flirtatious wink of its own. Roderick couldn’t even cry out as Chip slammed his pucker right down on Roderick’s nose, filling every breath with the earthy, heady musk of his ass. Chip’s own hips worked to grind Roderick’s face into the fleshy prison of his backside while he hunched forward and took Ponytail’s cock into his mouth. A few slow, suckling bobs and a rough push forward to hilt his fellow orc’s shaft in his throat was all it took to make Ponytail throw his head back and roar out his orgasm. Chip swallowed down every drop of his fellow orc’s seed, and then pulled back to run his tongue deep into Ponytail’s smut-filled foreskin, making the other orc’s passage tighten around Roderick’s shaft once more. He smirked in smug satisfaction as he heard the muffled cries and groans of pleasure from beneath his ass, and caught the scent of the captive’s second load spurting out from the desperate grip of Ponytail’s cramped back passage. 

“Fuck… no fair.” Ponytail tried to glare down at Chip, but his expression twisted into one of pleasured bliss as the other orc gave his companion’s shaft one more slow, thorough suckle while pulling off.

“Da rules never said nothin’ ‘bout makin’ each other cum. Right?” He turned his smirk to Gut, who only nodded with a stony expression. “See? Now move over, I wanna show me new mate a real good time.”   

Ponytail winced and whimpered as he pulled off of Roderick’s cock, and then moved aside for Chip with a few choice curses muttered darkly under his breath. Chip, meanwhile, finally rose up off of the Roderick’s face. He then moved between the human’s legs to push his snout right up against Roderick’s cum-and-musk-smeared crotch. The orc gave his captive’s flagging cock a few short, quick licks, teasing it back to full erection while grinning up at him. “Come on, human. Can’t gimme a proper breedin’ if we don’ get dis beauty of a dick nice n’ hard, right?” He pressed his hot, wet tongue against the shaft and breathed out a gust of humid breath against the turgid flesh, dragging it up the full length of Roderick’s erection a few times. Chip’s hand moved down to his own dribbling cock to give it a few pumps as the taste of his captive’s musk mingled with the flavor of his companions’ pungent asses.

“‘Member what I said.” Gut let out a muttered warning and gave Chip’s head a light cuff.

“Fine, fine.” With a snort and a roll of his eyes, Chip finally took his place straddling Roderick’s hips. He ground his crotch down against the captive’s own; his moist, hairy cleft encased Roderick’s shaft, squeezing it between the orc’s firm mounds, and his cock smacked against and smeared ample precum over the human’s stomach. “Fuck… still goin’ strong, eh? Good. I c’n drain those balls right good fer ya.” He gave Roderick’s nipples a rough pinch and tweak, and laughed aloud as he felt a spurt against his hole. Without further ado, Chip lifted himself up, lined the human’s erection up with his eagerly-pulsing pucker, and hilted Roderick in one smooth push.

Chip wasn’t nearly as tight as Ponytail, nor was he nearly as experienced as Gut, but he was by far the most enthusiastic of the three. One of his hands continued playing with the human’s nipples, moving from one of the pert buds to the other. Brushing. Stroking. Tweaking and twisting. Making Roderick’s cock pulse against his squeezing inner walls as they milked him for all the captive was worth. 

He was also the most vocal of the three orcs, groaning and panting and murmuring in a hushed, heated voice to Roderick while bouncing on the human’s erection and pumping his own leaking shaft. “Come on, human... Been waitin’ on some’un like ya to breed me good n’ proper. Gonna make a shitload a’ good, strong boars together…” The orc closed his eyes, seeming to visualize that fantasy as his hand squeezed his length and stroked it faster and faster, keeping in time with the rocking of his hips. He threw his head back and moaned aloud in pleasure, and then let out a surprised yelp when Gut took the opening to lay his head on Roderick’s stomach and engulf Chip’s cock in his mouth. “What da fuck?!” 

Gut moaned around the musky shaft throbbing against his tongue and looked right up into Chips eyes, working it better than the other orc’s hand ever could. His ministrations made Chip’s ass clamp up, gripping Roderick’s cock and pushing the human over the edge of orgasm for the third time that night. Chip rode it out, continuing to slide himself up and down the human’s shaft as his hands moved to grip Gut’s bald head. A minute or two more of rocking and thrusting, and the younger orc finally lost himself in his own orgasm.

The older orc attacked the sensitive head of Chip’s cock mercilessly; he gave it sharp, insistent licks and swirled his tongue deep into Chip’s foreskin while swallowing down every drop of the younger orc’s virile load. When Chip finally collapsed backward, the captive’s spent cock slipping out of his ass as he fell on his back in a panting mess, Gut allowed his companion’s own flagging shaft to slip from between his lips and let out a hoarse guffaw. “Da rules never said nothin’ ‘bout makin’ each other cum, right? Turnabout’s fair play, lad.”

Chip could only groan as his smug words were tossed right back at him.

“N’ don’t think I didn’t ken yer idea ta cum all over ‘im n’ mark him with yer stink.” Gut reached out to give Chip’s own firm belly a tender pat, and then craned his neck to look over his shoulder. “Oi, s’ over.”

Ponytail, who’d taken advantage of the older orc’s position to bury his face in Gut’s cleft and slurp the captive human’s cum out of Gut’s hair-ringed, smut-and-musk smeared hole, pulled away to take a deep gasp of air and laid his cheek on one of the older orc’s pillowy asscheeks. “So. Who won, den?” 

Gut hummed in thought and scratched at his chin. He looked from Chip, still sprawled on his back and lost in his afterglow, to Ponytail, and finally to Roderick. “Fuck, idunno.”

“Ya just wan'ed an excuse ta ‘ave a go at me human, d’int’cha?” Chip finally lifted his head to give Gut a sullen glare.

“Shut it, lad, I’m thinkin’.” Gut let out another hum, repositioning himself to lay his own craggy cheek on Roderick’s thigh and breathe in the mingling musks staining the captive’s crotch. “How’s about dis, den? We’s got what we came out ‘ere fer, n’ six moons back ta the clan grounds. Ya wanna keep dis l’il contest goin’, n’ let our guest be da judge of whose cunt ‘e wants bouncin’ on his dick n’ pumpin’ out lotsa ‘good, strong boars’ fer ‘im?” He looked over to give Chip a wink as his tongue flicked over his lips.  

Ponytail’s face flushed hot, while Chip’s own lips stretched into a broad, toothy grin. Both nodded.

As Roderick lay boneless and spent under the three barbarians, whimpering with every touch of their fingers or tongues against his prone, bound body, he tried to think of some way to escape his fate. He had to make it back to his village, his life, before he started to like being held down by these strong, hairy, musky men; before he started to enjoy the trio moaning into his crotch, playing with his nipples, and riding long and hard on his cock. 

Gods help him, he already was.
