#At his grave 1/2

It was late at night, and Mari woke from a particularly bad nightmare.
She had fallen off the bed in a start. She really, really didn't want to have a dream like that. She could barely remember it already, yet she knew it was one of her worst nightmares. She needed to get some fresh air, needless to say.

She snuck out of the room, as to not disturb Hero and Kel. Seems that they didn't wake up when she fell off her bed, thankfully. She reached the stairs, and made her way down them, to the front door. She knew where she needed to be tonight, and she was a bit later then usual.
"Hey, Mari?" She jumped a little, and turned around. When did Hero wake up?
"Oh, hey, Hero. Sorry if I woke you up."
"I heard a loud noise, did something happen?" Hero seemed worried.
"Yeah, I had quite the nightmare, and I kind of fell out of bed." She decided to leave it at that, hoping he wouldn't press further.
Hero paused for a moment, and decided she probably didn't want to talk about it. He can only imagine what nightmares she'd have...
"So...where are you going?"
Mari paused...then decided to tell the truth. "Visiting Sunny. I visit him every night. I meant to do it sooner, but I didn't want to be a bad host for you all, and then I fell asleep, so I couldn't find the time."
"Ah...sorry about that." Hero felt the need to apologize. She's been visiting Sunny every night?
"Wait, how do you do that? None of us really saw you these last few years, I feel like some of us would of run into you by now."
"I take a shortcut. I cut through the trees across the street, take a right, and then a left, and end up at the graveyard."
Oh. That made some sense. Hmm...
"Hey, Mari? How about I...go with you?" They had a lot to catch up on, ever since they, well...stopped seeing each other.
"You'd...you'd do that? I thought you didn't want to visit Sunny, since..." Mari felt apprehensive. Hero hadn't visited Sunny once since that day.
"...Yeah, I've kind of...been holding off. I should at least see Sunny once, I just...It's hard." Hero felt bad.
Mari probably resented him, for having left Sunny alone for so long.
Mari suddenly remembered. "Wait, will Kel be okay, if he wakes up and none of us are here?"
"O-oh! Right, Kel! I should probably leave a note for him!" Hero went back upstairs, leaving Mari standing in the doorway.
It was chilly that night. She probably should wear better clothes, but she didn't really want to change now.

Visiting Sunny was something she did every night. She wanted to keep him company. Sunny hated being alone, after all. She didn't want him to think she had abandoned him...especially since his friends never really visited him anymore. Besides, Sunny's grave helped keep her grounded. It stopped her from...thinking he might still be around, somehow.
She remembered when she celebrated Sunny's 13th birthday. How she genuinely deluded herself into thinking Sunny was there with her. And then when her mom came back, seeing her daughter eating steak, talking to her dead son...Mari cringed. That wasn't very fun to explain. She was just glad her mother still allowed her to celebrate Sunny's birthday each year after that.
Mari shivered a little. She decided to visit Sunny's grave every day from then on. To remind her that he really is dead. She had dreams about him every night, going on adventures with their friends, having picnics in exotic locations unlike any other, and most importantly, being able to be a better sister for him, make sure he was happy...to see him smile...
And he was dead. She needed to remind herself of that. She will never get to see him again...

After shaking off that miserable train of thinking, she heard Hero coming back.
"Hey, sorry that took so long, didn't really know what to write. I left a note for Kel, to let him know not to worry if we're gone, we're going on errands."
Mari tilted her head. "Errands? Why would we be doing that?"
Hero looked suprised. "You do realize there's barely any food left in the house, right?"
Mari pondered this for a second. Oh...he's right.
"Guess we'll pick some food up on the way back?" Mari responded at last.
"Yeah, but we can do that way later. We don't have to worry about Kel waking up for a long time."
"Okay...then, shall we go now?"
Mari nodded, and out they went. It then occurred to her that Hero had brought a jacket. It was a bit cold after all. She was only wearing a shirt and skirt. Hero was more prepared then she was, huh? Well, actually...he had a pretty big jacket, maybe they could lean against each other, and she could fit under there too? Yeah, that's an idea. Maybe Hero would suggest it, if he noticed she was cold? Mari felt her face heat up in spite of the cold.

Mari led him to the tree line, in the usual spot she went. They passed through, and turned right at a tree with a shoe in front of it. They walked for about a minute, before reaching another tree with the other shoe. Left turn there, and soon they found themselves directly behind Sunny's grave.
...
Part of Hero really didn't want to see it. Sunny was dead, and he...couldn't help. He still remembers how Mari clung to him as he bled out, crying and wailing. He couldn't do anything to help...
The two of them sat in front of his grave, unreadable in the dark. Neither really knew what to say, as Mari sat with her arms around her legs.
There was so much she wanted to say.
