Something was wrong with the moon. It looked bigger, brighter; its pull on Earth stronger. The tidal forces were at their peak, huge waves crashing down on the coastal lines, inundating millions of homes. This all could be tracked down to one place, deep within the country of indonesia; where a restless girl shuffled about in her bed, covered by a white bedsheet that had an odd tent pitching at her crotch. Moona had woken up with a cock earlier this month. An event that happened only once every xxx years. A strange happening that linked both the purple haired girl and the natural satellite up in the sky together, one attracting to the other. The closer the moon came, the bigger moona's cock became; and vice versa. A self-fulfilling cycle that could eventually lead to the downfall of mankind. This had to be taken care of... Yet somehow, no matter for how long she stroked, no matter how hard she tried, how close she came, moona couldn't relieve herself. She couldn't bring herself to climax. It was quite the conundrum. Luckily, she had someone to ask for. Someone that, albeit a pretend one, she had a relationship with. A little white haired painter girl who also happened to be an alien, and slept right on the room next door to hers, iofi. 

Moona gathered her courage and got up from bed, holding and dragging the sheets at her crotch to hide her thick member down below. The fabric tingled her exposed shaft, making it hard for her to resist letting out soft moans. Though when she saw risu standing on the living room right outside her door, she knew she would have to shut up and bear it. The squirrel questioned why she had the sheets on, and as soon as moona greeted her nervously and turned around, she snuck up behind her and pulled the sheets off in one go. A shocked gasp followed by chuckles of confusion and many questions that followed suit. Moona ran to iofi's door and shut it tight, ignoring the squirrel calling for her behind it. She looked to see iofi sitting at her desktop, mouth agape in shock, and soon realized she had her cock out from risu's earlier mischief. She explained herself to the alien, and they came to an agreement. Iofi would help her get off, but in return, she would have to ejaculate deep inside her as to see if she could be impregnated by it. It was a deal moona denied many times, but the more iofi insisted, the harder it became to ignore the urges. Moona nervously laid down on the bed as iofi slowly undressed herself. With each piece of clothing that hit the ground, moona's cock twitched once more. Iofi climbed up onto the bed seductively, raising her hips up moona's thighs and spreading the apart. 

Moona covered her eyes with both hands in embarrassment as the alien girl had a full view of her cock, but soon started peeking through at the sight. Iofi examined the cock thoroughly from a distance, sometimes poking at it, flicking it and such. It eventually escalated to her bringing her foreskin down, then up, and down again, and so on so forth; attentively watching moona's reaction and barely containing her giggles at how adorable she was. Iofi smirked with bad intentions and suddenly plunged her mouth upon the hard cock in front of her. Moona gasped, raising her hips upward, her member reaching deep into the alien's throat. She pulled back with a wet pop and started stroking her lubricated member with her soft hands. She said it was ready and slowly climbed up atop of moona's hips, her crotch lined up right against the throbbing erection. 

Moona was trying to back out of it, saying this was a bad idea, but iofi was determined to see this through. Even though she was blushing and embarrassed herself, the alien girl raised her hips, aligned her wet front entrance with the shaft, then soon enough plunged her hips downwards on the cock. Moona was shocked at how good it felt, but it had only just begun. Iofi started riding her like a cowgirl, doing a strangely good job at it, almost as if she already knew how. Her abdominal muscles undulated back and forth with each movement of her experienced hips. 

Iofi was moaning at the meaty length filling up her insides, and moona moaned back equally as loud from the sensation of her wet member and shaft being stimulated upon by the warm and lubricated interiors of the alien girl. Surprisingly enough, it didn't take long for her to start reaching a climax. It felt so good, she begged for iofi to keep going, she was almost there, she... Too caught up in the moment, only then did she realize the squirrel girl watching the two of them intently from right behind their connecting genitalia. Risu was completely entranced by the motions to even notice when she got caught. Moona yelped, but iofi didn't care much. She only stopped her riding out of courtesy.

Risu told them to not mind her and keep going, and though moona was about to protest, Iofi figured that was good enough for her and resumed her humping. Moona told her to stop but she did not care in the slightest. She was already there, both of them were, and her words of protest were instantly muddied by the moans and gasps of pleasure that ensued. As she felt herself growing closer and closer as well, Iofi asked her to kiss her. Moona did a double take, but was startled by the alien girl's lips connecting with her own before even getting a confirmation of consent. She passionately intertwined their tongues together, exchanging saliva as Iofi continued to ride her. Finally, Moona moaned that she was going to cum into Iofi's mouth before she resumed kissing, and with one final thrust of her hips, both their bodies tensed up entirely with a wave of powerful sensations rising up their spines. Iofi was overjoyed at the feeling of ropes of clearly felt hot cum flooding her needy womb. The alien girl hugged her partner tightly and let herself be filled.

Risu even ended up getting jealous as she stared at their hips locking together, wishing she could partake in this mating ritual, but she was more than happy to just watch, her hands slipping between her thighs as she watched her roommate creampie the other with a newly acquired phallus.

After almost a minute of intense bliss, their orgasms settled down. Risu could see the large amounts of hot sperm leaking out of Iofi's quivering satisfied pussy, both of them gasping for air, warm bodies together atop a sweat stained bed. "Again", she whispered into Moona's ear softly, and before she knew it, Moona found herself being ridden again by a still eager and incredibly horny girl. Moona told her to stop and that she was sensitive, but she knew only once wasn't enough either. They fucked for hours, creampie after creampie. When her alien pussy got filled up to the point of overfilling, she asked Risu to lap up some of the cum out of her before resuming her activities. All the sperm would go directly into her womb, no matter the method. 

Cumshot after cumshot, it felt like a day had passed. Risu had already grown bored and left the room to play some games, or perhaps even sleep. Their passage of time was completely off by the curtains covering the sunlight from the window. When it was all over and done, Iofi collapsed on the side of the bed, panting, exhausted, but proud of a job well done. The cock that was causing the earth's tides to go haywire had been completely satisfied, now limp, wet and sore from all the fucking it had just endured. Moona could barely think straight after enduring so much pleasure. She felt Iofi kissing her cheek before she finally fell asleep.

The days went by, and though things were a bit awkward at first, when Iofi's pregnancy test came back positive, they knew there would be no more avoiding each other. In the ensuing happiness of the news Iofi long awaited for, she managed to make Moona aroused again, and rode her all night long. A happy end for both, except for the squirrel girl who desperately tried to sleep through the moans.