I actually did it, I married Mio I just didn't realize what I was getting myself into at the moment. She's part wolf but she's always in heat, my dick hasn't had a day if rest since we got married. Every morning, every evening, every weekend, Everytime I come home from work she's there ready to go. I thought it would be fun, but God I'm exhausted. It doesn't help she keeps pumping out children year after year. But honestly, I can't complain, I love Mio and if she wants more then she'll get more, I can't help it.

It started out small, just a little litter of 5, that's when I realized that as a wolf she'd have litters of pups and not just one at a time. We were so excited, especially her, she just loved kids so much that everyone around in knew immediately, Mio did her best to show off her growing belly as well, there was so much pride in what we had accomplished together that everyone everywhere had to know. Of course having 5 at once was no small feat, she grew large fast and

 then kept growing. Luckily as she was part wolf her body was plenty capable of accommodating the heavy load in her womb. Her belly stretched further and further, day after day and I did my best to keep her pride lotioned up and stretch mark free. Her outfits already exposed her midsection beautifully so there was plenty of room to grow and display her womanly figure. The rest of her was growing too as her body prepared itself for it's new purpose. Her thighs, already thick and plump in their own right managed to grow thicker and plumper still to deal with the increasing weight they needed to carry, her ass as well grew fatter, wider and shelf like to act almost a counter weight to the ever increasing mass on her front. Speaking of which, her breasts, swollen with milk and hormones nearly tripled in size, tending to rest on top of her extremely bloated belly.

Over all, with how much she was eating in general now it wasn't surprising she had put on a bit of weight. No matter, she would be pregnant again soon anyway. At least at the current rate we were having sex. Pregnancy had turned her already high libido up a few noches and there was little I could do to satisfy her and as her belly grew, so too did her desires. By the time her belly was as large as a beach ball, I was pumping her full of my seed every moment we weren't eating, sleeping or walking outside. Even then, she wouldn't bother wearing panties under her skirt so we could go for a few rounds anytime she leaned up against a tree letting her enormous belly and breasts hang down.


It had only been a few weeks after our first five were born and she was already pregnant again with 7. She might have been older but she was still plenty fertil it seemed. Spending so much time nursing the pups was doing wonders for her breasts, they were almost always leaking her delicious milk no matter what she wore, but she didn't seem to mind if anything she wished her next litter would be here sooner to enjoy all this wonderful milk. Sill, she was growing and it wouldn't be long. Being pregnant with 7 while nursing and taking care of 5 others was certainly quite the task, but Mio excelled at multitasking and if anything, enjoyed the struggle, at 6 months she already looked like she was done, with a normal pregnancy anyway, but still had plenty of time to go. It wasn't uncommon to see her on a chair with her plump legs apart to make room for her engorged belly, and two pups suckling away at her volleyball sized tits drooping to either side of the belly like overfilled water balloons.

Still, nights were plenty fun even as she grew larger and larger in all areas. 
Now as a father of 12, I was hesitant to think about having more, but what do you know, after only a few weeks, 8 more were on their way. Her tits ballooned again to handle the increasing demand for milk and her ass kept getting wider and fatter to keep up. Even before her pregnant belly could grow, she sportted a nice fatty paunch that would hang just over her skirt or lingerie, and just about everything would dig into her perfectly smooth chubby body. That lotion wasn't just for her belly, though it definitely needed it. Taught and glistening, she was looking enormous even when she had months to go, and she could hardly contain her excitement. 

How could I deny her that joy again? Another 8 pups were in her womb shortly and the cycle continued. And really, what's the harm in one more little litter after that? Ten more followed. By her third trimester this time her body was getting a bit too large to comfortably move around and getting her wide set of hips out the door was becoming increasingly difficult without help. No matter, she had plenty to do inside anyway, nursing, playing, eating, and sex, lots of sex. By the time I had impregnated her with 12 it was clear what the future held for us, me pumping her full of kids, food, and cum forever. 

It's been a few years since then, now she's pregnant with 18 for the sixth time in a row, she was hoping she could get up to 20, but I think she's reaching the upper limit of her enormously overstuffed womb, but I'm sure we'll keep trying until we do, however long that may take.
