It was lunchtime at Hololive. The girls made their way down to the cafeteria, and soon the place was filled with hungry chuubas. Seating arrangements reflected the cliques formed between generations and those with shared interests, but everyone always gave Aqua a wide berth. Aqua never seemed to notice as her carer would sit at whichever table she was at, helping her to eat lunch.

As the bustle died down and everyone settled into their own coversations over the meal, Aqua was looking around wide-eyed. Slightly breathless and with drool running from the corner of her mouth, the carer she was with almost instinctively knew that Aqua was getting overwhelmed as the cafteria was slightly busier that usual.

"アクアちゃん、切るの手伝うよ!" the carer cooed motherly at the huffing Aqua. With the same speed and force that startled the carer when starting her placement, Aqua's head whipped around to stare unblinkingly at the softly smiling woman. Drool was still leaking from the side of Aqua's mouth, and a large stain was visible just above her left breast. As she leant over to cut up the small girl's favourite menu item (boiled steak hamburger in a rich and creamy, lightly spiced tomato sauce with a portion of sticky white rice) anyone watching the pair would have sworn they saw the pink haired girl blink out of sync while making loud slurping noises.

Once everyone had eaten and the cafteria was starting to empty, Aqua was again staring around looking remarkebly like an owl, albeit one with a face lightly stained with tomato sauce and spittle. Conversations would grow quieter and people would look down or away as they passed the pair on their way out of the dining hall, however Aqua hadn't the capacity to notice and her focus was elsewhere.

She was currently staring intently at Lamy, who was occupied with the vending machine situated at the entrance/exit. The carer was readying to wipe the maid's face with a tissue when Aqua suddenly fell out of the bench as she tried to run while seated towards the now unattended vending machine. "アクアちゃん!大丈夫?" the concerned carer asked, yet Aqua had already unsteadily gotten to her feet with all the grace of a newborn fawn and rushed over to the large black cuboid

Staring glassy-eyed at the selections on display, Aqua had located her favourite brand of chocolate bar. The carer was already by Aqua's side before she could even start her usual routine of frantically looking for her when in these sorts of situations. "今回は小さなチョコバー" readying her small change purse and palming the required change, "砂糖がどのように影響するか知っていますか?" the carer asked whilst staring into the middle distance as though remembering some terrible trauma.

As the change was dropped into the slot and the correct buttons pressed for the desired selection, the machine whirred into life. However as the metal spiral rotated, the wrapper got caught on its end. Fear crept onto the carer's face as she looked at the onion-maid beside her, "ご心配なく、下に落ちます..." she said shakily, swalling hard in anticipation of what was to come next. Aqua's face was one of confusion at first, but was quickly replaced with a furious anger.

She started beating her fists against the plastic, screaming incoherantly as she did. "私のだ!" one would finally be able to make out between loud thuds, "私のだ! 私のだ! 私のだ!". The carer tried to pull the young girl away, but a furious tard strength had overcome her diminiutive stature. "アクア! アクアやめろ!" half commanding, half pleading could be heard from the carer as people watched alarmed at the scene unfolding.

Aqua did not stop, and started rocking the machine every which way that she could. The heavy block of steel wobbled and swayed under Aquas commanding grasp, banging and thudding loudly as it did. All of a sudden the vending machine lurched forward as the carer made a desperate last ditch effort to shoulder barge her out of the way. As it toppled onto her, the carer's scream was cut short by the sickening crunch of bones as blood splattered onto Aqua's face and pooled around the machine.

Having been knocked to the floor by the carers heroism, Aqua sat up and blinked a few times. Ignoring the gory scene before her, she spied the chocolate bar that had caused the unfortunate carers demise. She quickly scrambled over to it and sat happily munching, a look of contentment on the face still stained with tomato and drool, but now with the addition of the carers blood.

As a a solemn looking Yagoo watched the security footage back, he sighed heavily and sank into a chair while rubbing his temples; This was the fifth carer Aqua had inadvertantly killed.

At least she lasted longer than the others this time...