#Basil goes to a stripclub

"Bye Basil!" Kel shouted as he waved from Hero's car window, wearing a big grin on his face. Sunny waved too, waering his stoic expression. Basil smiled nervously as he waved back - he watched as they drove off. Recently, Hero had the idea of going on a trip but due to personal problems, Basil had to stay, which saddened him. However, he still wore a proud smile as they drove off.
...
...
...
Basil wasn't happy. He usually felt at peace when tending to his flowers but at the moment... he felt lonely. A sigh escaped his lips as he watered the tulips. Basil lost himself in the soft sound of water hitting the flower petals.
"Basil!" The sudden shout caused him to spin around. Basil was surprised to see both Aubrey and Mari - both smiling at him. "O-Oh. Hello Aubrey, Mari...  Sorry, I was lost in my own head, heheh..." Mari smiled warmly. "That's okay, Basil. In fact, we have a surprise for you." Basil blinked. "W-What is it?" Aubrey revealed a blindfold. Basil reluctantly took it. Mari and Aubrey both grinned as Basil finally tied the blindfold around his head. "W-What now?" Two pairs of hands touched his shoulders and lead him somewhere. "S-So, what's the surprise?" Basil questioned, a drop of sweat running down his back. "It wouldn't be a surprise if we told you, would it?" Aubrey said. After 20 minutes of walking, Basil had his ears covered. He wondered why but that didn't last long as he was foced to sit down on a comfy seat. Shortly after, the blindfold was taken off as well as his ears uncovered, he saw and heard it. The music hit his ears and the view of some girl's tits obscured his view.
Basil yelped as his face turned red from the majestic view. "W-W-W-WHAT!" The blonde flower boy maneged to say, his voice cracking. The girl continued to shake her assets at him, while he tried to look anywhere else. From the corner of his vision, he saw both Mari and Aubrey cheering. "GIVE HIM THE CANDY SURPRISE MISS CANDICE!" Basil's eyes turned to pin pricks as the words reached his ears. Looking up at the girl's face, it was indeed Miss Candice. Basil let out yelps and shook from being so nervous. However his entire body froze once Miss Candice wrapped her arms around his neck and sat on his lap. "I must say, you've got a really big sweet tooth there, Basil dearie~" Basil felt his shorts tighten as she whispered in his ear. Basil could only watch as she shook her milkers at him, her nipples hidden by a thin piece of cloth. "GIVE HIM SOME SUGAR!" Screamed Mari. Hearing this, Miss Candice stood up and turned around, presenting Basil her plump ass. Basil swallowed a lump in his throat as she gyrated her hips, then caressed her soft butt with a gloved hand. Gripping the hem on her penties, Miss Candice slowly slid them off her body, leaving Basil a sweating mess. Next was her micro bra. Taking it off, Basil now had a full view of her large breasts. Miss Candice grinned as she sat on his lap once more, putting his head in between her massive milkies. While he didn't show it - Basil screamed internally. He wasn't having fun! He was aroused, sad, confused and embarrassed. He wished he was on that trip with Hero, Basil and Sunny instead of here... "LICK HER PITS BASIL!" Aubrey screamed. He wished he was hanged from a tree.