The smell of roasted meat and musk filled the massive tent, filling the lungs of its occupants with every breath. Chief Tugg of the lower plains chewed thoughtfully on a mouthful of the hock in his fist, wiping the savory juices from his lips with one hairy forearm while stroking the bald head of the orc suckling on his throbbing cock with his free hand. He raised an eyebrow and let out a low grunt, finally breaking the heavy silence to address his guest. "So. S’ an alliance ya want."

The human noble sitting across from the orc chieftain stretched his lips into a rictus grin under the perfume-soaked handkerchief pressed to his nose. The portly man shifted on the sumptuous cushion his attendants had provided, and seemed to take great pains to keep his silky garments off of the furs covering the floor of the tent. "Exactly right. I have heard tales of your race's particular... methods of birth." The man cleared his throat, and hid the coloring of his bearded cheeks under his hand. "I need soldiers to fill out the ranks of my garrison, and you need an advocate in the human court. 'Twould only benefit the both of us, don't you think?"

Tugg let out another thoughtful hum; what the human was saying made sense. There'd been human troops encroaching on his clan's lands for at least ten moons, and it was only a matter of time before some idiot sparked the powder keg. The orc chieftain had less than no respect for the way humans used their 'influence' and 'authority' with each other—in the orcish tribes, you either proved your strength or became the cumdump of some rival clan leader—but he was also not stupid. He knew that an army of a thousand human soldiers was stronger—in numbers if nothing else—than his tribe of a few hundred or so, and having a human willing to stick his neck out for him was worth more than those few hundred boars being killed in a senseless fight. 

A tap on the head of the orc fellating him made the tribesman pull off of his chief's manhood, leaving the fat shaft to pulse and dribble between Tugg's spread thighs. The barbarian chief felt a smirk stretching his lips around his long tusks as the human noble's face turned a cute shade of red at the sight; it was always a laugh to make the humans who visited the clan camp, willingly or otherwise, flush in embarrassment with a display of his virility. He handed off the hock of meat he'd been eating to the panting boar, telling his fellow orc to, "Suck on dat fer a while." As the tribesman bowed his thanks and scarpered off into the recesses of the tent, Chief Tugg turned his yellow gaze back to his guest. "Alright, we's got a deal. So, who's da lucky bastard what gets to breed an orc chieftain?"

The human puffed himself up on top of his cushion, trying to affect a regal posture—though Tugg could plainly see the human's tongue dart over his lips and his eyes sink downwards to the orc's thick manhood. The orc chief's smirk widened as he grasped his shaft and gave it a few strokes, rolling the ample foreskin over the plump, dark-olive head. He didn't have as much length as some of his fellow orcs, but even if he preferred it up the ass his virile cock had sired more than its fair share of boars. 

"Well?"

"Ah, yes." The human noble cleared his throat. "As the scion of the esteemed Harcourt family, whose ancestors have ruled this barony since it was first awarded to them, it is my duty to offer my noble seed in the name of forging our alliance."

Tugg snorted, and barely stopped himself from bursting into laughter. Even under all of his guest's finery the orc could tell that the human's bulk was all flab and no muscle; a good plaything, maybe, but worthless as breeding stock. "Beggin' yer pardon, but if it's soldiers ya want, I'll need some'un stronger ta work with." The orc’s gaze slid over to the human who had been standing like a statue behind the noble's right shoulder the entire meeting with his eyes firmly locked onto the shadows dancing on the tent wall. Tugg ignored his guest's insulted spluttering as he examined the other human—a bodyguard, there only as a formality, the noble had introduced him as with a dismissive wave of his hand. A well-trimmed beard followed the bodyguard's strong jaw line, and dark hair fell to his pauldroned shoulders in loose curls. What the orc could see of the man's frame under his armor looked pleasantly strong and firm, a stark contrast to his master. "'Im."

"Him?" The noble craned his neck to glance up at the other human, and the bodyguard blinked as his professionally-blank expression broke for a moment.

"Ya can stick around n' suck me dick while he breeds me cunt." Tugg grinned and waggled his dribbling erection at his guest.

The noble let out a haughty sniff and rose to his feet, making a show of brushing himself off; his face twisted and reddened at the guffawing from the barbarian chieftain at the sight of the painfully-obvious bulge of his crotch. He stalked to the entrance to the tent, snapping a few orders to the attendants outside—one of whom rushed in to spirit away the noble's cushion—and then glared to Chief Tugg. "I shall take a moment outside with him to remind him of his duty. Simon?"

"At once, Lord Edward." The bodyguard, Simon, gave his superior a bow and moved to follow the noble out of the tent. The firm set of his lips was the only flaw in his mask of stony indifference.

"Sure, take yer time. We got all fortnight." Tugg grunted and waved dismissively to the humans. He hummed, laying back on the animal-fur floor and reaching down to tease a thick fingertip over the pucker between his firm, furry asscheeks. Something told him that he was going to enjoy this alliance. "Oy, Garr! Get back over here—got some'n ta help ya wash dat meat down!"

-----

Simon stood to attention by the entrance to the barbarian chief's tent, his attention divided between watching the orcs sitting by and glancing at the human entourage and listening to his lordship's tirade. He'd made his displeasure of the greenskins perfectly clear to his subordinates, but knew better than to comment to Lord Edward about how difficult a prospect dealing with the barbarians would be; the satisfaction of saying ‘I told you so’ was not worth the stay in the dungeons that would certainly follow.  

"How dare he?! 'Someone stronger to work with’, indeed!" 

Simon glanced over to watch his lordship pacing along the path in front of the tent and ranting more like a jilted debutante than a noble of such an esteemed family. The bodyguard also knew better than to comment on his lordship's proclivities, but it was an open secret that one of the reasons the Baron of Soucester allowed this particular tribe onto his lands was his interest in the horde of burly, barbarously-underdressed men.

"I've half mind to rally Estard and Alinbury to rout the entire stinking lot of them!" Simon allowed himself a quick roll of his eyes and a brief upward tick of one corner of his lips—that was what he'd planned to do from the start, once this 'alliance' talk inevitably faltered—but quickly schooled his face back into its dutiful mask as Lord Edward turned his ire onto the bodyguard. The noble's finger jabbed into the metal of Simon’s chest plate with a dull, ringing thud. "Listen, I've a very important job for you. Give. Me. Soldiers." Each word was punctuated with another rough prod. “I don't care what he asks you to do. I don't care how you need to do it. Do whatever you need to do to keep this 'alliance', and fill out our ranks. Do. You. Understand."

Simon made sure to keep his reluctance off if his face as he nodded.

"Good. I will await word within the fortnight." Lord Edward turned to stalk away towards the horses, the rest if his lordship’s entourage following and leaving Simon behind.

Simon stood outside the orc chieftain's tent, watching as Lord Edward and his soldiers left and lingering outside long afterwards. He breathed in the stench of the orcs' camp, struggling to keep his stony expression on his face as he looked over the mingling men—not a single one had any shame or civilized decency, displaying their nudity and gorging themselves and rutting like animals. With a long-suffering sigh, the human turned and marched into the tent, finding Chieftain Tugg splayed on a pile of furs as his own attendant suckled on his cock.

"Oh, 'Dere y'are. Thought'cha got lost." The orc's lips stretched into a broad grin as he bucked up into his subordinates working mouth. Simon could see the chief's heavy, full ballsack grinding on the other orc's chin, and hear the choking and gulping as Chief Tugg dumped a load of cum down his throat. "Mmf, dat's fuckin'good." Simon couldn't keep the disgust off his face any longer as the subordinate orc was pulled off of his chief's saliva-slickened manhood, seed dribbling down his chin, and given a sloppy, open-mouthed kiss. 

"Must you do that while I'm here?"

"'Course! How else're ya s'pposed ta get in da mood?" The orc chief let out a loud guffaw and slapped his subordinate on the ass, the sharp sound ringing through the tent over the boar's low moan. The subordinate orc scrambled off, leaving Chief Tugg to sit up and give the human an expectant look. "Well? We Doin' dis or wot?"

After a final moment of reluctance, the human nodded sharply and began to strip off his armor with trained efficiency. His bracers and pauldrons came off first, followed by his chest plate. "I suppose we must, as my lord has commanded it." Simon bent down to set his armor on the floor, and then began to work his greaves and boots off. "But do not get any ideas, greenskin. I do not share my lord's faith in your barbarous kind, and would much rather my men drive your from our lands and-" He stood, and came face-to-chest with the orc chieftain. Simon jerked back, feeling the old, familiar tensing of his limbs, and glared up into the barbarian's grinning face.

"Ah c’mon, it ain't so bad. Ya don't have to go on n' on like a grey-haired grandsire complainin' bout 'is back.” The orc slung an arm around Simon’s tunicked shoulders, making them tense further and eliciting a low grunt from the human as the smell of the chief’s body became apparent. Simon had attempted to close his nose as best as he could to the spicy, earthy musk filling the air of the tent, but this close it was a struggle to not have it taint every lungful of breath. Tugg’s other hand came up to fondle Rolf’s chest in apparent approval of the man’s muscular form. “Why don’ we get dis’ off’a ya so we can ‘ave some real fun, aye?”

“This is not ‘fun’ for me.” Simon shook the orc’s arm off of his shoulders and stepped back as he reached down to pull his tunic off. The long journey and the hot air trapped in the chief’s tent had left the human’s torso slick with sweat that dewed in the dark swirls of hair on his chest and under his arms. He ignored the feeling of the orc’s eyes raking over his bare upper body as he reached down to work his trousers open. “This is duty, and nothing more.” 

Chief Tugg grunted and surged forward, dropping to his knees and grasping Simon’s hips in his meaty hands. “Boarshit. Ye jus’ ain’t lettin’ dis be fun.” He looked up to meet the human’s eyes and slowly pressed his broad snout to the plump rise of the man’s crotch. He rubbed his nose over it, breathing in the human’s own rich, masculine musk and kneading Simon’s sides.

“What are you doing?” Simon’s hand came down onto the crown of Tugg’s head, trying to push the orc away, but a rough squeeze made him hiss and falter.

“Makin’ dis fun fer ya.” With a roguish wink, the orc worked his fingers under the waist of Simon’s trousers and, in one smooth tug, pulled them down to the human’s ankles. Both Tugg and Simon gasped as the human’s lower half was exposed; Simon at the feeling of his manhood suddenly being freed, and Tugg at how surprisingly hung the human was. Simon’s shaft was thick and veiny, the pale tip peeking shyly out of his own plump foreskin, and the heavy orbs of Rolf’s balls looked to Tugg like they could pump out loads as virile as any orc boar’s. “Oh, fuck yes.” With those hoarse words, the orc chief buried his face in the human’s crotch.

Simon cursed under his breath and grasped the orc’s head with both hands, caught between shoving the barbarian away and pressing him more firmly against the sensitive flesh between his legs. It had been a long time since Simon had a chance to make his rounds at the brothels—Lord Edward was very demanding of his bodyguards, and Simon had found what little free time he’d had completely drained away after his promotion—and so he was actually quite pent up. He closed his eyes tight, trying to ignore the feeling of Tugg’s tusks on his hips, and tried to imagine that it was one of the brothel girls sending puffs of hot, humid air across his pulsing manhood. As it began to stiffen, the human’s shaft was assaulted by a strong, questing tongue that swirled around the base and made long passes over the length of it. Simon felt rough lips rolling his foreskin back and pressing against his cock head, and a very masculine hand rolling his balls in their hairy sack. One of his subordinates, then—it was an open secret that the garrison indulged each other in those ways, and the low grunting and groaning from below matched the sounds he’d occasionally heard from the barracks.

The loss of that lapping tongue and those working lips made him look down to meet Chief Tugg’s gaze. “Why did you stop?”

“Oh? Thought dis weren’t no fun for ya.” The orc gave Simon a smug smile and dragged his tongue from the base of the human’s cock to the tip, swirling it around the fat head. His grin only widened as Simon’s eyes fluttered and his knees shook. “I likes it when dey look in me eyes when I’m suckin’ their dicks.” 

“Fine, fine.” Simon snarled and glared down at the orc chieftain. “Just… do it.”

“Do wot?” With a low chortle, Tugg wrapped his lips around the head of Simon’s cock and gave it a sharp suckle.

“Fuck! Suck it!” Simon clenched his teeth and growled out the words the orc apparently wanted to hear.
 
Tugg let out a resonant hum, sending vibrations shooting up the human’s shaft as it sank into the hot, wet cavern of his mouth. With only a small grunt of effort, the orc hilted Simon’s cock in his gullet and buried his nose in the wiry, sweaty, musky hair of Simon’s pubes. The human’s teeth ground together as his hands worked over Tugg’s scalp, fisting and tugging at the orc’s own long, dark hair. The barbarian chief’s eyes shone in satisfaction as he looked up at the human’s pleasure-twisted face, bobbing on the thick, girthy shaft. The thought of being bred by the human’s virile tool made the orc let out a deep moan of his own, and reach back to play with the clenching rosebud between his asscheeks once more. He rocked his body in time with Simon’s quickening thrusts—Chief Tugg was no stranger to a nice, hard facefucking—and grasped the human’s own taut ass to slam Simon harder against his face. He took in deep breaths of the human’s scent, growing familiar with his ‘companion’ for the next few weeks while his own cock twitched and leaked beneath him with every eager sniff. Finally, when he had the human shuddering and panting with need, the orc chieftain pulled away and let the man collapse onto the animal-fur floor.

“Fuck… why…?” Simon’s words came out in sputtering gibbering as the pleasure from the orc chief’s blowjob scattered his thoughts. 
 
“Much as I’d love ta have ya blow a nice fat load down me gullet, ye got yer duty ta do, don’tcha?” With another wink to the groaning mess of a man staring at him, Chief Tugg rolled over onto his hands and knees. He pushed his backside out, presenting like an animal for the human and shot a teasing smirk over his shoulder while reaching back to pull one plump cheek aside. His reddened, loose pucker winked at Simon from within the dank, hair-filled cleft, and the orc’s own massive balls bounced against his thighs as Tugg swayed his ass. “Breed me, human.” 

Simon drew himself up, trying to scavenge the remains of his dignity even as he panted and groaned with the effort to not orgasm right there and then. His face was burning as he moved up behind the orc, falling to his knees and grasping desperately at the firm globes of the chief’s ass. Simon couldn’t deny the surge of satisfaction at hearing Tugg’s smug chuckling drop into a deep, whimpering moan as he gave one of the hairy asscheeks a sharp slap. 

As the human looked down at the wriggling ass before him, working himself up to pushing forward into the winking hole grinding against the underside of his erection, the scent of the barbarian chief’s body began to affect him. Simon had heard tales of men turned into rutting, lust-maddened animals by orc-boar musk, but had always disregarded them as the sick fantasies of greenskin-loving degenerates; but every lungful of the heady smell rising from the orc chieftain’s sweat-slick flesh sank the human’s racing thoughts beneath another crashing wave of arousal. Before he realized what he was doing, Simon had dipped down to bring his face closer to the dank cleft, searching out the source of that earthy, spicy scent.

“Aw, fuck yeah. Get in dere…” Chief Tugg reached back to set a strong hand on the back of Simon’s head and shove him deep into the raunchy crack. The human struggled only for a few moments before a deep breath of orcish musk made him moan out a humid breath over the orc’s crotch. Simon’s nose ground over Tugg’s hole and down to the muggy expanse just behind the barbarian’s ballsack, his cock throbbing and pulsing beneath him with every gasping breath. He couldn’t stop his tongue from darting out to drag over the slick flesh, the gamey taste of orcish ass lingering in his mouth even as he finally pulled himself away. 

They were both ready, and they both knew it. Neither man said a word, but both raised their voices in a chorus of pleasure when the plump head of Simon’s cock popped past the orc’s taut rim, and the human’s shaft sank into Tugg’s clinging back passage to the hilt. Simon cleared his throat, and asked in a hoarse voice, “Are you ready?” 

“Dis ain’t me first time getting’ bred.” Tugg’s words came out harsh and needy in between the orc’s own panting. He looked over his shoulder, the fires of lust burning in his eyes and making the human flinch. “Quit stallin’ and do yer duty, soldier. Fuck me hard n’ deep already!” His voice rose into a desperate roar by the end of his sentence, and his inner walls clamped like a vice around Simon’s pulsing cock.

The human grit his teeth in a snarl, both in pain-pleasure at the pressure around his manhood and at the word ‘duty’ coming from the greenskin barbarian beneath him. For a moment it was the sneering, haughty face of Lord Edward looking up at him, and Simon’s fingers sank deep into the orc chief’s firm, fleshy flanks as his hands clenched. “As you wish.” He slowly drew himself out of Chief Tugg’s tight passage, and then slammed back in to the hilt. He gasped as his balls smacked against the orc’s own, the sensation sending a throb through his crotch and spurring him on to repeat the motion again, and again, harder each time.

Their rutting was long, drawn out, and rough; Simon’s hands began to sting from smacking the orc’s ass as he called the chieftain ‘greenskin whore’ and ‘barbarian slut’ with every strike. Tugg only grunted and bucked harder underneath the human, his hot inner flesh dragging against the fat cock breeding him. The chief’s own heavy erection bounced against his stomach, splattering his gut, thighs, and the floor below with sticky precum as Simon’s cock pressed against that spot within him that made him see stars. It didn’t take too long for the human to cum for the first time, flooding the orc chief’s guts with his seed, but the heat and tightness around his manhood—and the orc’s jeering and teasing at how long he’d lasted—kept Simon’s cock stiff for another round. And another. And another.

The fire had burned down to softly-glowing embers by the time Chief Tugg collapsed into the sticky puddle of his own cum that had soaked the furs underneath him. Simon’s shaking arms and knees finally gave out, and the human fell onto the sweat-soaked expanse of Tugg’s back with a grunt. The human’s spent, flagging, over-sensitive cock popped out of the orc’s sloppy hole, and he felt the dampness of his own seed soaking his crotch as it pressed against the barbarian’s ass. They lay together in the deep, flickering shadows of the tent for a long moment, and then Tugg broke the silence between them with a breathless snicker. “So. 'Ave fun?” 

Simon chose not to dignify that with a response. Even when Tugg rolled over, reaching to grasp the human and drag Simon onto his heaving chest, Simon just gave the orc an exhausted glower. He laid his cheek on the surprisingly soft tufts of hair coating Tugg’s pectorals, and huffed. “Just let me rest, and then we can continue. I suppose once wasn’t enough for it to take?”

“Har, soun’s like a plan t’me. We still gots a helluva long time togetha.” The orc chief’s hand stroked its way down Simon’s back to the rise of the man’s ass, and pulled the human to press their crotches together. Simon grunted as he felt the throb of Tugg’s manhood against his own plump cock, the two shafts rubbing against each other and sparking renewed pleasure in the pair. 

As the human and the orc settled in together, they both considered that perhaps this ‘alliance’ wasn’t such a bad idea after all.
