**EOH Name**
Vittorio Emmanuel Coseltro, Vieme to friends.

**One line description**
Wandering bard and knight-errant with a gleaming facade and a half-mad phantom for a companion.

**Personality**
Wandering fighter, lover, gambler, and drunkard who claims to be a knight loyal only to justice. Initially friendly to most everyone, but as his primary goal is to kill the most powerful individuals he can, prone to treachery. He keeps a sheen of righteous pretense on everything he does, as much as he can, although his ideas of righteousness are primarily derived from Nocturne and Lahash. Although essentially driven by nothing more than bloodlust and ambition, Vittorio would die before admitting as much. He deeply admires romantic legend, and is something of a perfectionist as a result.

**Backstory**
Born in Sforzando, to an old, powerful family of vampire nobility, he was a promising child, and all cherished the thought that he would be a fine heir to carry the family into the future. Something happened when he grew to manhood, though, some murky event that he refuses to speak of, saying only that he has no love for his family or for leadership. He struck out on his own after that; alone, but for the familiar spirit he carries with him, with a new name and life purpose: to become an incomparable warrior worthy of song and story. He's pursued by his two younger sisters, for reasons he'll no more speak of than of why he left.

**Goals**
"To love the most beautiful woman in the world, to put my blade through the heart of an arbiter and watch it die, and to never, ever see my sisters again!"

**Violence Comfort Level: Ultraviolent**

**Lewd Okay**

**Kinks**
Attracted to women; particularly blondes, flat and slender girls, pallor, tsundere, himedere, yandere, deredere, sickly and/or frail maidens, those with a taste for frills and lace, opulent jewelry, impractically long hair, masochists, murderers, girls who love elaborate pastries, elves, vampires, birds' wings, faerie wings on the human-sized, unusual pupils including stars, hearts, cat-eyes, etc, very high voices, and soprano divas.
Various fetishes mostly tied in with sadism. A maledom/femsub dynamic, noncon, abuse, strangling, captivity, bondage, rough sex, ryona, irrumatio, impregnation, obsession, incest, brainwashing, training, mind control, captivity, height difference, body worship, branding, etc. 
That said, deeply loving vanilla romance is also a soft spot, so things are fairly flexible. On that end, spoiling a dependent and things in that vein are a high point.
