“You have *one* new message.” His Omni-tool on the bed stand said.

“Uh?” Cassius said, looking up from his bed as he squeezed his eyes to drive away the sleepiness from the nap. He reached out and grabbed the tool, quickly checking to see what had arrived.

\>Dude, I think I found it.

“That isn’t very specific.” The turian thought.

\>Found what?

\>The vinyl man!

Now that was a little more specific.

\>Which one?

Yes, Cassius was a humieboo.

To be fair, calling him a humieboo wasn’t very specific. Most humiboos were mostly into current human culture. Cassius was part of the subgroup that enjoyed past periods of the human history, more specifically; he was into the second half of the 20th century and with a special love for classical rock, punk culture and punk rock, thus his interest in vinyls.

\>Ramones

\>Cool! But which one?

\>RAMONES! THE DEBUT ONE MAN!

Now he was excited.

\>Bullshit. How much?

\>2000 credits.

Cassius frowned.

\>That is just 100 less than what they ask for in the earthantiques.com. You know I can’t spend that much like that.

\>I know. But this one comes from a human spending a vacation here on Palaven. So it’s free shipping!

\>No shipping? Bullshit. Send me the info and I will look into it.

\>Here, his name is Winslow Elletson. Good luck.

Now his day had taken a turn for the better. Shipping from earthantiques.com was notoriously expensive, sometimes being more than the price of the item itself. Finding the vinyl for 2000 and free shipping was one hell of a score. Placing his Omni-tool back on the bedstead he stretched his arms, trying to drive the sleepiness away.

Then he noticed his erection.

It stood proudly at 5 inches, a very small drop of pre at the tip of the urethra showed him he had probably been having wet dreams before the message.

Cassius sighed. It had been a while since he last fapped. Slowly he warped the three fingers of his right hand around his penis, squeezing it lightly as the images of sex came to his mind.

Grabbing his Omni-tool again he quickly found a video. It was a turian male fucking a quite beautiful human female, he took a moment to admire her form before pressing play.

Slowly Cassius started to stroke himself, taking his time to let his fingers rub the ridges on the base of his cock.  His mind started to picture the human female in from of him.

Laying the Omni-tool on his chest, he added 2 fingers of his left hand to his cock to give the illusion of a human hand working it. It was very basic, but the mere thought made him shudder.

The video kept playing, the turian now pounding the human pussy while her breasts bounced up and down. Cassius stopped, paying attention to the hypnotic movement of the girl’s breasts. It was certainly one of the best features of human females.

Ever so slowly he kept working his shaft, playing with the ridges and edges, feeling every nerve pulse pleasure through his penis; his toes curled as he ran the hands up and down.

The video ended, and the next one started. This one was the opposite: a human male fucking a quite beautiful turian female. Cassius stopped stoking for a moment to pay attention. The human phallus was very interesting: It had no ridges, being the same cylindrical shape up until the round head, and it was covered in skin what would slide over the head glands every time the female stroked it. The testicles were also external, on a sack just below it. He wondered what it felt like to stroke that cock, and what sort of interesting sensations the alien cock provided to its owner.

*Wait, did I just wonder what stroking cock feels like?* Cassius caught himself, feeling embarrassed and confused. 

Fortunately, the turian female chose this moment to moan loudly as the human started to finger her. 

Cassius quickly changed his focus to the video again, looking at how the human worked two of his fingers in the turian’s pussy, with the other 2 outside and his thumb running on the outer labia of the female. He started to stroke again at the sight, working his shaft again. Human hands were fascinating to both male and female turians.

Feeling his orgasm approach, Cassius sped up the stroking. Moving his hips in a circular motion he moaned a little as he felt the pleasure build up. On the Omni-tool the video was also coming to an end, the turian stroking the human cock on her face while she said usual cheesy porn movie line. Cassius could see the foreskin slide over the head of the penis that glistered with both human pre cum and turian female fluids from the fucking. The human shaft started to twitch and his balls were pulled up slightly as a rope of thick white cum flew out.

The turian boy came, curling his toes and back arching he let out a small content moan as the cum shot from his dick onto his lower abdomen and thighs. He decided not to think too much about the fact that he came when seeing a human cock cum.

He lay on his bed, basking in the afterglow for a few minutes before grabbing his Omni-tool.

“Hmm. 5pm. Well, I can check that vinyl tomorrow. ” Getting up, he proceeded to the bathroom to take a bath.




Cassius stared at the hotel in front of him. After calling the man, he had told him that he should just come see the vinyl and check it himself, and also mentioned having quite the collection for sale if he was interested in buying more than one. Arriving at the place he was surprised to see it was actually a quite high end hotel, making him feel very awkward for entering only wearing a common shirt and with human jeans. He tried not to think about how out of place he looked and went to the receptionist table.

“Hello. I would like to see the guest at room 1109. He is expecting me.” He said.

The turian woman looked up and smiled at him, she then looked back at the computer console.

“What is your name?”

“I’m Cassius. Cassius Laevinus.”

“Hmm, yes it’s here.  Just a second sir.” She typed something on the console and waited a few seconds. “Hello sir, your guest is here. Should I send him up? Very well. Would you like something else? I will inform the bar staff at once sir.” She pressed another button. “Take the elevator; 11th floor, go right all the way to the end of the corridor. You can’t miss it.”

“Thanks.” He said, walking towards the elevator. It took but a few moments for it to reach the floor and he followed the receptionist’s instruction, arriving on the door to 1109. It was at this point he realized that he didn’t know what Winslow looked like. *I should probably have asked for a picture, but that would have been awkward right? I mean, you don’t just call someone and ask for them to show their face like that, I didn’t even know if he was going to pick up and-*

“Hello, you are Cassius right?” The turian snapped out of his thoughts and felt much smaller than his 5’11 made him.

Winslow was about 6’3, and in addition to that he had a much larger frame than Cassius (although it probably was partly from the fact that human shoulders were larger than turian’s in general). He was wearing a simple casual outfit, but it was still obvious he was fit and had some muscle unlike the scrawny and (now feeling tiny) turian.

His face was somewhat angular and he had a squared jaw line. His skin had the golden color human skin normally acquired when Caucasian humans were blasted by the Palavenean sun for any period of time without an environmental suit. He either used a very strong sunscreen, or barely went outside at all. Cassius had a feeling it was the sunscreen, for he could see that the base of his neck was slightly darker than the rest of him. 

“Y-yes! I am! I’m here about the vinyl.” He said, feeling embarrassed. *why am I embarrassed? Why did I stutter?*

“I know, I remember. Come in. Nice jeans.” He said with a smirk, causing Cassius embarrassment to skyrocket.

“I-I didn’t know this hotel was a fancy one! I thought it was a little simpler, otherwise I would have worn something nice and…”

“Jeez calm down, I was just pulling your leg.” The human said still smiling. “To be honest, I don’t think anyone cares. I know I don’t.”

“Thanks…” Cassius said, feeling a little less awkward but not by much. He decided to use the quiet moment to look around the room.

If it wasn’t obvious before, it was crystal clear now: This guy was rich. The room was not just a bedroom; it was more like a mini-house. He was standing in what looked like a small living room, the walls were white with the floor covered in a black carpet; there was a fridge on one end, and a red couch that looked like it could fit 4 people sitting down with ease that had several small black cushions; A small table between said couch and the wall, which had a big screen and a hologram projector, and on the opposite end a storage locker that covered the entire length of the wall. There was one door leading to the bedroom itself and one to the bathroom, both of which looked very spacious and as high end as the main room.

“Wow, this place is nice.” 

“I know. That’s why I stay here whenever I visit.”

“You come to spend vacations on Palaven often?”

“Vacations? What gave you that idea?”

Cassius was slightly confused.

“Well, that’s what my friend said. He said you were on vacation here.” 

“Well, I do spend some of my free time here, but I’m here on work actually. “ The turian was stunned.

“This is a work trip? Where can I get a job doing whatever it is you do?” The human laughed.

“I work for the guys that own this hotel, which isn’t the only thing they own here. They have a load of business in Palaven so I come and stay for about 4 months a year here; looking over how the companies are doing, what sort of stuff they need help with and all sorts of management work. I still pay for extra stuff like booze or extra food aside from the standard stuff, but it’s worth it though…” There was a small buzzing sound. “Speak of the devil. Sit down Cassius, make yourself comfortable.”

The turian sat down on the red sofa, looking around once more. Winslow opened the door and a turian server came in, placing a bottle on the table along with a two glasses and a bucket of ice cubes.

“Would you like something else sir?”

“No, thank you Pribus.”

“What about your guest? Would you like something?” The turian asked Cassius.

“Yeah, you want anything Cassius? The kitchen is really good here.”

“Oh no, I’m good really.”

“Very well. If you change your mind feel free to call the kitchen or bar.” He left, and Winslow closed the door behind him.

“I have some soda in the fridge if you want.”

“It’s ok, I’m not thirsty.”

“You are just saying that because I am paying for it.” Winslow walked to the fridge and grabbed a small bottle of cola, placing it in front of Cassius. “Just take it.” He said with a smile. Cassius felt his face warm up at the gesture, even though he wasn’t sure why.  “That is, if you don’t feel like tasting the whiskey.”

“That’s whiskey?” Cassius said, turning to take a better look at the bottle.

“Yep, and that’s real earth whiskey, not some knock off.” He placed two ice cubes on a glass and poured some of the liquid on it, then placed two more ice cubes on the other glass and poured a much smaller amount. “I assume you have never tried it? And you are old enough to drink right?” Winslow added quickly.

“I drink beer from time to time, but I’ve never tried whiskey.” Cassius said, looking at the glass, somewhat hypnotized by the look of the liquid. “Of course I’m old enough to drink!” He said when he realized there had been a question. “Have been for a good few months now…” He said.

“Just making sure. Now, this stuff is strong ok? And don’t worry about the safety: it’s perfectly harmless to turians, aside from the alcohol but you knew that already.” The human sat down beside Cassius. “Drink in small sips and try to taste it well.”

Cassius sniffed the drink. It smelled somewhat like a woody perfume, and had a small hint of both a sweet taste and something else he could not identify but smelled nice. He took a sip.

And promptly almost spat it out.

He quickly swallowed it to avoid the faux pas of the rejection, and felt his throat burn. As it went down his esophagus he felt himself shiver hard as the strong alcohol shocked his system. Winslow started laughing.

“A little strong ain’t it?”

“Just a little.” Cassius said, before coughing.

“I know. You can never quite describe how strong some things are unless you try them. You did take it like a champ though. Bonus points for not spitting.”

“Yeah…” Cassius said. Even though he thought the sip he had taken was small he saw he had drunk almost half of his glass. Opening the soda, he drank some of it to wash the strong taste away. He could feel a little tipsy from it, but that was sure to go away quickly.

“Whiskey is an acquired taste. Speaking of taste let me show you the vinyls.” Winslow got up and went to the locker and pressed a button, causing it to open and revealing quite a few boxes, each about 1 meter long and half a meter in diameter and height. Running his fingers over them, he picked up on and brought it to the center table, letting it down with a grunt. “Forgot how heavy some of that stuff is…” He pulled the lid to reveal the contents. Cassius eyes went wide.

Inside there were dozens of vinyls, but not only that: There also was what appeared to be vintage clothing, merchandise and even some rolls of film.

“Wow! That’s a load of stuff!”

“Yes, here is the vinyl you want.” Winslow carefully picked the album from the box. It appeared to be in pristine condition, with only very minor imperfections on the edges. “Feel free to tell me if anything else catches your eye?”

“Everything does! Can I..?” He pointed at the box.

“Just be careful.” Winslow said.

With the owner’s approval, he reached into the box and slowly got a plastic bag out. It had a Ramones shirt inside, a black one with the band’s iconic eagle logo in the front. It looked old, and he checked the little writing on the small paper glued to the bag.

“1982?”

“Yep, that’s an official shirt from 1982. I can do it for 400 credits for you.” The human took his glass and took a large sip, leaning back on the couch and watching the turian with curious eyes.

Looking through the merchandise, Cassius felt like a child in a toy store. He saw albums, clothing, trinkets and souvenirs from all over the second half of the 20th century. He took another sip of what he thought was the soda, but was actually his glass of whiskey. He almost spat it again, but this time it went down much easier. He quickly dank some soda again and resumed his exploration of the box while humming a simple tune to himself.

“Oh, a poster!” He took the roll of paper and unrolled it carefully, looking at a mirror image of the one he had on his bedroom wall. “Nice!” He smiled.

*He looks so cute excited like that.* Winslow thought. *I wonder if he’s gay? He has to be at least bi given the way he stuttered and acted. I really wish turians could blush, would make it so much easier to tell when they are embarrassed….* Raising the glass he took another gulp of whiskey. *Well, let’s just see how stuff goes. Maybe I can convince him to go on a date? Escorts are nice, but having an actual boyfriend would make Palaven much better.* 

Cassius took a vinyl from the box and gave a small cheer, almost a squeal, as he hugged it. *Now he’s just fucking with me, that’s just adorable.* He smiled to himself.

“I can’t believe it! ‘Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols’!!! And it looks pristine too!”

“Yep, same price as the Ramones.” Winslow said smiling. “I take it you are interested in taking it home?”

“Yes! Yes I am!” Cassius said, absolutely ecstatic. However, reality quickly sank in for him. “Only problem is, I barely have the money for the Ramones… I can’t afford another album. Hell, I don’t even know if I can buy the Ramones in the first place.”

“I understand. It happens.” The human place a hand on Cassius back, very lightly rubbing it. “We can try to negotiate, and you can buy some cheaper stuff and save money to buy the albums later.”

Cassius froze for a moment as he felt the hand lightly caress his back.

“I mean, uh….” The turian stuttered as he tried to form words, the caresses making it very hard. *WHY AM I ACTING LIKE THIS!*

“You ok?” *My god, did he get into me that much?* Winslow thought. 

“YEAH! I mean, yes! It’s just, I don’t know. I think the whiskey went down a little too fast.” It was a lie and he knew it.

“You sure? Ok then…” *Maybe he needs a little push… I know just the thing.* “Let me show you some other stuff.” Winslow got up from the couch and walked to the cabinet and picked another box. Once again straining, he quickly moved to the center table and placed it down with a grunt. “This is some stuff from the 80s as well, but there is also some from earlier.” He opened it.

Inside there were magazines in plastic vacuum bags, picking a few up he gave them to Cassius, who once again froze.

Playboy, Penthouse, Freshmen… they were porn magazines. Cassius felt his face heat up as his eyes ran over the beautiful and handsome humans on the covers. It did not help one of the magazines had a model that looked identical to his human host.

“Interested? I mean, they are vintage magazines. I can make you a price of 400 credits each. 350 for that “Freshmen”, since you apparently like it so much.” The human said, causing Cassius to notice he had been staring at the said magazine for the last 45 seconds straight.

“No- I mean, you see- I’m not hetero, in straight bi- I MEAN! I am not gay! I am straight, I was just looking for imperfections!”

Winslow laughed and the turian felt his shyness grow tenfold. *What am I doing? I’m not gay, why am I so fascinated with this, it- Oh dear he is getting close to me.*

“What a smooth save there. I will just cut the chase here: I’m bisexual, and you are way too cute for me to let you pass: And I am guessing from the way you are acting you are at least bi-curious. So, what do you say we test to see what you feel like having sex with the same sex? And a human at that?”

“I…” The turian froze as Winslow warped his arm around him and pulled him close to him.

“C’mon Cassius. I won’t force you to do anything ok? Just say yes and we can do it. Say no and I will stop and we can pretend this never happened.”

Time slowed down for Cassius. He thought about the day before and his long time fascination with human physique. *Maybe I’m bi just when it comes to humans? I mean, I’ve never fapped to another turian guy before, and never even got curious, but for humans I’m always thinking about it and trying to wash it off. Am I in denial? That’s probably it, isn’t it? Doesn’t help that he is so much bigger than me… but I think that's what I like about him…*

“…I’m scared. And confused.”

“That’s normal. I won’t force you. If you feel uncomfortable, we don’t have to do anything ok?” *This is way too good. What did I do to deserve such cute turian falling right for me? Selling some of this stuff was a great idea.*

“I want to do something!” He said a little too loudly, and then turned his head. “I mean, I’m curious to finally have sex and…” He clasped his mouth with his hands as he realized what he just revealed.

“A virgin, huh? That explains why you are so shy. It’s ok.” Winslow placed a kiss on the side of the turian’s head, causing him to give a small yelp of surprise. “You are very cute, did you know that?”

Cassius felt his heart race in his chest as the warmth of the kiss spread over his face.

“C-cute?”

“Yes, very cute. Most turians kind of are, in my opinion, but you have such a twink look that makes it much more visible.”

“What’s a twink?” Cassius asked, curious. 

“You are.” He said, with a smile. “A youngish looking boy with a cute face and slender body. It helps that you act in a cute way too.” Winslow placed his hand on Cassius chin and turned his face to him, slowly, he planted his lips on his softly.

The kiss was simple, the human simply touching the turian’s mouth with his lips. But Cassius felt the warmth and energy spread through his body like a wildfire and reach his crotch, which was giving signs of life now. As the human pulled away, the turian found himself actually trying to keep the kiss from stopping, leaning in on the human and stealing another free kiss. After a few seconds, he pulled away.

“I’ll take that as a yes.” Winslow said.

“Yes…” Cassius said, rubbing his thighs together as he leaned in the human’s chest. “But, how are we going to do this? I mean, I am pretty sure I can… consume… your… fluids…” He looked away from Elletson. “With no reaction, but you would go into shock right?”

“Correct, but I have plans for this sort of situation.” The human got up and went to the bathroom, coming back with a hypospray, which he placed in his forearm and injected with a small hiss. “This will prevent me from having allergic reactions for a good while. Good for you?”

“Yes! So, what should we do n-!”

Winslow kissed Cassius again, but this time he thrust his tongue inside the turian’s mouth. It tasted of the whiskey, but also vaguely of mint from what he assumed was mouthwash or toothpaste. The turian was overwhelmed, quickly letting any resistance fall as he gave in to the alien tongue dominating his own. I was a unique sensation with how much more rounded the human tongue was, and the fact that he also had lips made the whole thing almost overwhelming. After a solid 45 seconds, they pulled away breathless.

“W-wow…” Cassius said. “That was… nice…”

“There’s more from where that came from. But this position is awkward.” Winslow moved his arms and placed them on his side; he spread his legs and straightened his back. “Why don’t you sit on my lap? You are a little smaller than me, so that would be the best position.”

His half hard erection shot outside his slit and to full hardness at the suggestion, straining against his underwear and causing a visible bulge on his jeans.

“O-ok.” He got up and sat on Winslow’s lap, his face was now only an inch above his; he bent his legs so he could place them in the sofa and cause most of his weight would go to there and not on the human’s actual lap. Once that was done and Cassius was comfortable, he reached for another kiss.

Winslow warped his right arm around him, and stuck his left arm under the turian’s shirts, ruining his fingers over the exoskeleton and upwards as he slowly teased and pressed his five fingers over the smooth plastic textured plaques of the turian exoskeleton and soft skin in between them on Cassius  back, trying to find sweet spots to tease.

Cassius meanwhile, gave in to the kiss. Melting in the embrace as he felt the alien five-fingered hand run over his back. The human’s lips would softly run over his mouth, and his tongue would run over his own. After a few minutes of making out, he was breathless.

“Having fun?” Winslow asked.

“…yes.” Was all Cassius could say. His dick was now painfully hard, and he could feel a bulge on the human’s pants that indicated he was as well. 

“Should we move on then?”  Elletson said, placing his hand on the turian’s bulge and giving it a light squeeze.

“I’m… a little nervous about this…. Can we go slowly?”

“Of course. Let’s start with this.” Placing his hands on the turian’s waist, the human pulled his shirt up. Cassius raised his arms and allowed it to be removed, but out of instinct covered himself as soon as his shirt was out. Building up courage, he let his arms down and moved them to his back, exposing his now naked torso to the human.

“I… I am not very well built, I know.”

“I think it looks amazing.” Winslow says. He placed his hands on the turian’s chest and started to run them over him, feeling the texture and placement of every part of the exoskeleton. After a few moments of exploration he leaned forward and gave the nape of the turian’s neck, a part where the skin was fully exposed, a soft nibble.

“Ah!” Cassius moaned loudly

“Sorry!” The human said quickly. “I thought it would feel good. It does to humans and-“

“No! I mean, it felt good, I just didn’t expect it…” He looked away. “…can you do it again?”

Instead of answering the request with words, the human leaned in and nibbled the other side if the turian’s neck, causing another soft moan to leave him. He then ran his hands again over Cassius back, teasing the sweet spots as he left nibbles all over the neck and causing the turian’s eyes to roll back in their sockets. After a few moments the human moved his hands lower, first running his hands on his waistline, then he started to grope Cassius ass, causing the turian to give a small yelp of surprise. Winslow pulled back.

“You know, most human women would kill for a waist to ass ratio like most turians have. Hourglass figures are very attractive to us.“ He said with huge smile.

“Really? You… like my ass?” Cassius asked embarrassed and flattered at the same time. His answer came in the form of a small but firm slap to his left asscheek, and a soft groping on his right one.

“Yes, I do.” The human said smiling again. “Can you show it to me?”

“…Ok…” Cassius got up and took a deep breath to drive the nervousness away. He turned around and opened his zipper, pulling his pants down and leaving only the white underwear.

“Do a little spin, will you? I want to see everything. “

The turian put his arms on his sides and did as told. Slowly, he turned around. Once he was facing Winslow his embarrassment skyrocketed as he realized not only was his erection fully visible, but he also had a wet spot of pre on his underwear. He kept turning, but was surprised by the human suddenly grabbed his hand. 

Sitting up straight on the couch, Winslow let go of Cassius hand and pulled him closer.

“I think I just saw something just as good as your ass…” With a smile on his face, he placed his hands on the sides of the turian’s underwear and pulled it down, causing his cock to bounce free. Letting go of the boxers he wrapped his right hand around the base and gave it a light squeeze, he felt how it was throbbing softly along with Cassius’s heart and how hard it was. Slowly, Winslow started to stroke it.

“Ah! Ah…..” Cassius felt his legs go numb, and he almost fell. The human hand had a very different texture from his own, and each of the five fingers were much bigger than any of his three ones, meaning Winslow could stroke a lot more of it in a single wrist movement than Cassius could, even if he used both hands.

Stroking the turian cock, Winslow felt the smaller alien squirm and twitch under his touch. He kept his strokes slow but firm, going up and down the dick at only one stroke every two seconds. After a minute, he pulled his hand away, and started to undress.

It took a few seconds for Cassius to recover from the hand job. When he focused his eyes again he saw Winslow shirtless. His chest had some hair on it, and although he had no abs his muscles were well defined.

“Can… Can I touch?”

“Of course.” The human answered.

Slowly, Cassius knelt in front on Winslow, his face now staring straight into the human chest. Reaching out, he placed his hands on the human’s chest, feeling how much softer his skin was due to the lack of an exoskeleton. He could feel the muscles below the skin easily, and the hairs in his chest were equally fascinating to the hairless alien with an exoskeleton. It was all so foreign, even after all the videos he had watched it felt so weird and exciting to actually touch a human. He let his hands wander over to the as he felt each individual rib on his ribcage, and as his hands went even further down he felt the soft but firm abdominal muscles. 

Winslow chose this moment to pull his pants down and let them fall to his ankles. His red boxers were bulging, and as soon as Cassius saw the bulge he was mesmerized.

“You can touch that too.” Winslow said with a smirk.

Placing his hands on both sides of the boxer’s elastic, Cassius pulled it down. The human cock jumped out from its confined prison of fabric, finally free. Even though he knew what to expect from his videos, the turian’s mouth went agape.

It stood at about 7 inches; it had a uniform thickness all over it of about the same size as the thickest part of the turian’s own cock. He could see some veins through the skin; very visible and pulsating with blood that kept the rod hard and made it pulse ever so softly along the beat of the human’s heart. The head, which was a bright pinkish color, was peeking out of the foreskin that enveloped it and was currently filled with pre, some of it overflowing and running down the shaft. On top of that (Or should he say, bottom), the testicles were external. The ballsack hanging below the shaft and the balls visible to him. There was no hairs on it unlike the rest of Winslow’s body, indicating it had been shaved.

Slowly, Cassius wrapped his right hand around the base of the penis. He thought his hand would be too tiny and woefully under equipped to properly pleasure the human, but the small groan of pleasure from above him told him otherwise.

“Feel free to take your time, ok cutie? Don’t try to take more than you can chew. Or should I say swallow?” Winslow kept his smirk on his face.

“It’s… very big…” Cassius said.

“You really know how to boost a guy’s ego Cassius, but I am just above average by a really small margin.”

“It’s still bigger than mine though…”

“Size isn’t everything. And I don’t care about yours: Your cute face and dorky personality make up for any shortcomings you may have. Now, should we keep going before we fall into cheesy romance lines?”

“Ok. What do you, you know, want me to do?” Cassius said. He felt really insecure and self-conscious at the moment, and even though he was pretty sure of what Winslow wanted he felt asking for guidance was the best way to go.

“Well, ideally I would want a blowjob with my cock going all the way down your throat. But since it’s your first time doing this that isn’t happening. Do what you feel comfortable doing ok? Go slow, explore, experiment.”

“Ok then.” Cassius took a deep breath and started to slowly stroke the cock in his hand once every 3 seconds. He watched with fascination as every stroke pulled the foreskin back and revealed the bright head glistening with pre, and as the skin went back how the fluid would gather at the tip and a little of it would run down the shaft. Taking his left hand Cassius started to fondle the balls, careful to not put too much pressure as he felt them around. They were about the size of large grapes, and he could feel their texture and heaviness.

Getting his face closer to the cock, the turian stuck his tongue out and licked a bead of pre that was running down the shaft. It tasted mildly salty with a musky taste not unlike the one he tasted in the kisses, and he felt it spread all over his mouth and imprint itself on his brain. *It tastes amazing!*

Cassius thought back to the porn videos. Oral sex was not very common amongst Turians due to the lack of lips making it quite a lot harder and less pleasurable to partners but he would not let that stop him from making this moment great. Cassius remembered a few videos of turian females blowing humans and, although he was sure he couldn’t do most of what they did, he decided to try to emulate what was done.

Using his pointed blue tongue, he placed it on the tip of the human cock and started to lick the exposed part of the glad in gentle circular motion. His right hand kept slowly jerking the dick up and down, causing the foreskin to sometimes envelop the tip of his tongue. Noticing that Winslow’s cock would pulse whenever that happened, followed by breathing that was a little heavier, Cassius stuck his tongue inside the foreskin until he reached its bottom. 

The taste of salty musk was overwhelming, and Cassius felt his own cock throb painfully hard between his thighs. He kept the circular movements going and the moan he got from the human told him he was doing a good work with that. Taking his left hand from the scrotum he joined it with his right one to properly stroke the shaft, speeding up to one stroke a second. His tongue would bump against the little piece of skin in the underside of the glade every rotation of his appendage over it, causing Winslow to moan.

“F-fuck Cassius… you’re a natural at this…” Winslow placed his right hand on the turian’s head, his finger brushing Cassius head crests. “I’m getting close. Is it ok if I cum in your mouth?

Cassius pulled away from the cock, a long string of saliva and pre connecting his tongue to the penis that held until he closed his mouth and swallowed the excess spit and pre. He started to stroke faster.

“I don’t know. I have never done this before, so I don’t know if I will like it. Not to mention I don’t wanna seem rude if I end up not swallowing…”

“Don’t worry about swallowing it Cassius. I just want to bust a nut with that wonderful tongue of yours on my cock, ok?” The turian felt his embarrassment return in full force at the dirty talk.

“Ok...” Cassius placed his tongue back in the glade. Due to his faster pace, the foreskin was now sliding all the way up and down with every stroke, coating his tongue in that musky flavor he had quickly fallen in love with.

Winslow felt his orgasm approach quickly. The turian’s technique was sloppy, but passionate. His cock started to pulse harder.

“I’m close….” He placed his other hand on the other side of Cassius head, and with a grunt he came.

Cassius’s tongue was rubbing the underside of the glade when the first rope of cum flew from Winslow’s cock straight into his throat. He swallowed it quickly in a reflex to not cough. He tried to close his mouth around it to avoid spilling the white fluid, but his lack of lips made that somewhat difficult. Another rope of cum hit the inside of his left cheek, this time he could properly taste it; It was similar to the taste of the pre, but much stronger and with a thicker texture. *It’s even better!* Another smaller shot of cum pulsated out of the penis, this time it overflowed and dribbled down the human cock. One last, small load of semen left the shaft and just leaked out of his mouth as well. Winslow sighed.

“Damn… That was amazing Cassius.”

Instead of answering, Cassius started to lick the semen from the human cock looking for every last drop that had escaped him. After thirty seconds, there was no sign of cum on the penis, only a coat of saliva all over it from the licking he had done to get the white cream.

“I swallowed! It tasted good.” The turian said smiling as he placed his chin on the side of Winslow’s cock. *God damn it that’s cute* The human thought.

“I saw it. I really liked that.” Winslow placed his right hand on the turian’s cheek. “What do you say we move on then? I really want to get a feeling of that ass.”

Cassius smile disappeared in an instant, and he turned his face away.

“Well… I don’t really think we should do that. I mean, don’t get me wrong I want to, but I am not ready. I have never done this before.” The human placed his hand on the turian’s head and turned it to look him in the eye.

“You never sucked dick before, but you did a damn fine job.”

“Yeah, but this is different. What if I get you dirty? What if I can’t handle it and we have to stop? I don’t want to have to disappoint you.” Cassius laid his head on Winslow’s thigh and sighed.

“Those are good concerns, but don’t you worry. I promise I can make this work flawlessly.”  The human got up from the couch, and Cassius sat on it. Walking to the bedroom, Winslow picked his omnitool and started to look through the settings. “Come with me.” He said to Cassius as he walked past him to the bathroom. Once there, the turian saw the omnitool materialize a weird tube. “This is what people use to clean themselves before anal. It cleans your insides with loads of water and a special mixture of special additives to make it faster and more efficient, making your insides pristine. All I have to do is this…” He connected one end of the tube to the faucet in the bathroom sink. “And put this in your orifice.”

Cassius looked at the end that was supposed to go inside him. It was quite small, but he was still a little worried.

“Are you sure this will clean me up good?”

”Yes, It gets me clean in no time. It will be just as fast for you, since I configured it to turian anatomy and the hose is designed to shoot the water on the right spots.” The turian’s eyes shot open.

“Wait, you have used this on yourself? I… kind of assumed you were a “top only” kind of guy… No offense.”

“None taken. You were actually kind of right. I am not going to lie; you are not the only turian I have had sex with. Staying here for 4 months a year is enough to get me pent up and lonely, so I hire escorts about once a week. When I call guys I ask them to clean themselves again so we can fully enjoy the sex without fear of dirty accidents, but I also clean myself because I enjoy the occasional fingering or rimjob.”

“Ok, I see… So, how am I going to do that? Do I just… stick it in and turn on the water?”

“Pretty much, yeah. But first you will need some lube to push it in. It’s not really needed but I want it to go smoothly.” He reached into the cabinet over the sink and picked a small bottle. Opening it, he placed a large blob of the transparent jelly in the tip of the tube and smeared it over it. “Bend over, will you?”

Cassius did as asked. He bent over the toilet and pointed his ass to Winslow, perking it up to give him full access.

The human took the sight in. Unlike a human bottom, turian asses did not have asscheeks. Instead, there were two exoskeleton plaques on each side and the asshole was placed slightly lower. Another difference was that it looked much smaller than its human counterpart. This was because in humans the skin got thinner the closer it was to the anus, while in turians it just stopped suddenly a few millimeters from it. Aside from that, it was very similar internally.

Placing the tip of the tube on the anus, he pushed it inside in a single quick motion. It was a very narrow hose only 3 inches long, but the turian flinched from surprise and inexperience.
“it’s done. Now, it’s really simple: the faucet is already open. You press this button…” Winslow pointed at said button that was placed on the part connecting the tube to the sink. “And it lets the correct amount of water in. After it is in, you sit down on the toilet and force it out. Repeat at least 3 times. Make sure to really push it on the last one ok?” He smiled.

“Ok…” Cassius said. He felt very awkward, but the soft smile the human gave him helped relax.




Cassius walked out of the bathroom with the hose rolled up in his hand. He had washed himself 4 times, just to be sure. The whole thing had felt very weird, not bad but not really good either, but he was happy it was done. As he entered the bedroom he saw Winslow sitting in the bed, with several pillows around him and a tube of lube in his hand.

“So, how was it?”

“Good, I guess. I did it 4 times just to be sure. And you were right about having to force it out. I didn’t think it would fill me up with so much water…”

“Well, it was cleaning you thoroughly… ” He got up and Cassius could see that his dick was half erect again. He swallowed unconsciously. “Now, lay down on the bed. The best way to do this is on all fours with some pillows under your stomach, pillows which I already placed here to place you in the perfect height for us.” Winslow pointed to said pillows. “That way you ass will naturally stick up, and all you will have to worry about will be what you are feeling.”

“Ok…” Cassius lay down on the bed. His ass indeed stuck up and he felt very self conscious of his position as his cock rubbed against the soft fabric.

Winslow took the bottle of lube and squeezed a dollop outside of the turian’s anus. Slowly, he took his right index finger and started to spread it over the outside of the orifice in circular motions, carefully massaging and feeling up the muscle.

“Oh… that does feel kind of nice.”

“Of course it does. I told you it would…” Using his left hand the human placed another dollop of lube on the tight hole and continued to work his index to spread it. Slowly, he pushed the first phalanx of his finger inside. Cassius tensed up. “Relax… take a deep breath…”

He did as told. Even though the finger was smaller than the tube, Cassius felt a much greater pleasure from it. Maybe it was the heat emanating from it, or the thought that it was actually someone fingering his ass. Either way, he was quickly learning to enjoy it just as he had enjoyed giving head minutes ago.

Winslow put more lube on Cassius again. Pulling his finger out, he dragged the gooey substance over the sphincter and pushed it inside along with his finger, smearing it all over the edges of the muscles and giving it an even coat of lubrication. He again pulled it out, but this time he started to push both his index and middle finger in. The turian tensed up.

“Deep breaths… Relax”

Suddenly, they went in with what felt to the twink like a pop. He let out a small gasp; there was a very small tingle of pain, but it quickly faded.

Winslow kept pushing the fingers in with care until he was knuckles deep, then started to slowly pull them out leaving only the tips inside. He again used his left hand to put another drop of lube on his fingers and pushed in again. Cassius moaned softly.

“If you think it is good now, wait until we find your sweet spot…”

“Sweet spot?” The turian asked confused. Winslow’s fingers started to move up and down inside his ass and he could feel tingles of pleasure every time he moved. “What do you -OH!”

There was another big difference between humans and turians when it came to sex. Male turians do not have external scrotum or testicles. They instead have an organ shaped like a flattened sphere called a capripadu that both produced the turian equivalent of seminal fluid and their spermatozoids placed inside their bodies. It was also located similar position to the prostate on human males, although a little closer to the sphincter walls and about 50% larger in size, and shared the huge amount of nerve ending with its human counterpart.

“There it is.” The man said with a huge smile. He could also see that Cassius cock started to leak harder as he started to play with his pleasure button. “Didn’t you know the capripadu is a huge erogenous zone?”

“YoU aRE touchiNg my capRI-!” The turian’s voice was shaking, and he lost his control as a loud moan left him.

“Yep. Human males have balls and prostate in their bodies, but turians combine both in a single thing. Figures it would be as sensitive as both of them combined…”

Winslow was smiling like a madman. The moans were extremely cute, and the way Cassius was wriggling only made them better. He slowed down his ministrations on the sweet spot, coming to a complete halt and slowly pulling his finger away. 

Taking the bottle of lube in his hand one last time, the human squeezed it into his right hand and started to spread the lube on his own cock, which was by now rock hard again. After applying a fine coat of the gooey substance on his penis, he placed the head of it against the turian’s anus.

“Now, I am not going to lie Cassius: this will hurt a little bit at first, but I will go slowly and if you feel like you can’t handle it tell me and I will pull it out as soon as you ask. Understood?”

Cassius looked back to him and nodded. “Will it feel as good as your fingers?”

“Better.” The human said with a smile.

“Ok… just go slowly…” Cassius said apprehensively.

Placing one hand on the twink’s ass and another on his dick, Winslow slowly started to push his penis in. There was a lot of resistance, but he kept pressuring against the tight hole. After a few seconds, it gave in and he slid his glad in. Cassius tensed up and let out a gasp.

“It’s alright… I will give you a few moments to get used to it…” He said, running his hands over the turian’s neck and back, while his hips started to gyrated affectionately, moving his cock inside Cassius.

Cassius felt full. More full than he had felt with the fingers, and in a much better way than the awkward cleaning had made him feel. The circular head of the human cock felt amazing as it stretched his sphincter in the small motions it was making, however it also caused him some small pain. Taking deep breaths, he started to relax. The light throbbing pain melted away quickly, leaving behind only the warm pleasure coming from his bottom and the soft stimulation of the silky pillows against his throbbing cock.

“I… It really feels nice…” Cassius said with a smile as his eyes fluttered. “Push a little more in.”

“As you wish cutie.” Winslow said. Moving his hands back to the turian’s waist, he pushed his cock inside the warm hole. After 2 inches, the turian suddenly let out a gasp and he stopped. “And we just hit your capripadu. Isn’t that nice?” Winslow said with a smile.

Cassius felt as if a huge electric shock had just surged through his body. The fingers had done a good job of stimulating his gland, but this felt so much more powerful. He could feel the warmth coming from the penis, the light throbbing in sync with Winslow’s heart and the small circular movements he had just started again were sending shots of ecstasy through him. Almost unconsciously, Cassius started to move his hips up and down, causing the large rod to poke his pleasure gland and his cock to rub against the soft silk pillow underneath.

“Should I resume?”

“Yes please….” The turian said, in a dreamy voice. 

Instead of going forward again, the human pulled back until only the very tip of his cock remained inside before gently pushing it back.

As the head rubbed against the sensitive pleasure button, Cassius let another small moan of pleasure. His cock was leaking all over the pillow and he felt his legs going numb from the pleasure emanating from his behind.

Winslow started to pick up his pace, thrusting once every 2 seconds. The turian’s insides felt unbelievably warm against his cock and every time he bumped against the capripadu he felt the hole tighten a little around his dick. Leaning forward and pulling Cassius up a little, he gently nibbled on the turian’s nape.

Cassius moaned. Music to the human’s ears.

Winslow bit him again, running his tongue over the sensitive flesh of the exposed skin of the area, flooding the turian’s body with sensations. His thrusting pace quickened, human thighs slapping loudly against Cassius's ass.

The twink felt like he was in heaven, just a few hours ago he would never have considered taking a cock up his ass, but right now he wanted to be a cock sock forever. Reaching for his aching length he wrapped his fingers around the cock and started to stroke it, feeling spasms of pleasure fly through his body at every stroke.

“Now Cassius, I know you want to cum, but we really should make this extra special ok?” Moving his own hand, Winslow grabbed the turian’s and removed it from his cock, warping his five finger around Cassius’s three.

“But… I’m horny! I want to cum!” Cassius half said, half playfully whined.

“You will. Just from your ass.”

“You… can do that?” Cassius asked confused. The prospect of cumming hands free sounded too good to be true. Sure, Winslow’s cock felt good, but to actually cum just from being pounded? Just as he thought that, the human gave a particularly powerful thrust against his capripadu, causing him to let out a squeal from the pleasure.

“Yep. But it’s kind of hard, so I will let you touch yourself a little. And I want to see your face when you do it.” The larger man pulled his cock out of Cassius ass, leaving him feeling very empty suddenly. “You know missionary position right?”

“Yes, I do…” The turian said while a blush spread through his face.

“Good. Get to it then.”

Turning over, Cassius lifted his knees to his chest and pushed them aside. He felt very exposed, his throbbing and leaking cock showing and still slightly gaping ass easily visible to Winslow. The human for his part smiled.

“You are the cutest turian I have ever seen…” Leaning forward he kissed Cassius, his tongue invading his mouth and dominating the turian one. The twink let a moan from the kiss as he felt his tension melt away again in the warm embrace of his lover.

Adjusting himself, Winslow penetrated Cassius again, this time much faster. The turian gasped into the kiss as he felt the warm flesh enter him again. He pulled from the kiss and let out a moan as he felt the gland of the cock rub his capripadu, this time the pressure on it was harder as the position caused it to directly bump against it.

The human looked at Cassius face as he fully pushed his cock inside of him and smile.

“You ready cutie?”

“…yes.” Came the answer a few moments later. Before Winslow could start, he reached to the human’s left hand with his right one and held it. Winslow leaned in, kissing him again as they held hands and started to move.

Unlike before, every single trust in this position caused the human’s penis to hit Cassius capripadu directly, sending a jolt of pleasure through him every time.

“Ah… ah…” The turian moaned softly as Winslow pounded away, pleasure washing over him and making his entire lower body feel like it was on fire. His thrusts were long and slow, filling him to the brim before pulling until almost out.

The human was also having loads of fun; the virgin ass was tight but very accommodating, it felt like the twink was trying to milk his cock with his anal spasms and muscle twitches.

Moving his free hand down, Cassius stroked himself. His cock was so hard it was almost painful and he was leaking vast amounts of pre thanks to both how horny the whole thing was and the constant pounding on his capripadu. Every stroke sent another wave of pleasure that mixed with the bliss coming from his ass. The turian felt like he was in heaven.

“Getting close there cutie? I can tell by that face.” Winslow said, leaning in and nibbling the turian’s neck again. “Let me make that hands free orgasm come true…”

Wrapping his free hand around the turian’s left hand he pulled it away, stopping the twink from touching himself. His cock throbbed as his waist tried moving up to go back to the warm strokes. Winslow intertwined his fingers with the turian’s hand and locked his lips on his mouth in another kiss.

Cassius had his mouth invaded by that warm human tongue again, feeling the appendage tackle his own tongue down and dominate it. He closed his eyes, letting the sensations from his mouth and ass flood his senses.

Winslow suddenly stopped moving mid trust. Adjusting his angle, he changed the leisure paced long thrusts for deep fast ones. Never taking more than 3 inches out of the twink’s hole, he speed up his thrusts as much as he could to almost 4 a second, pounding Cassius ass like a jackhammer.

The turian for his part could only moan in delight as he was blocked from speaking by the wonderful mouth of his lover. He felt his cock bob back and forth in the air from the pounding, and finally could feel his orgasm slowly but steadily approaching.

Pulling back from the kiss Winslow bit down on Cassius nape again causing the boy to let out a loud moan.

“I-I cannn feel i-it… I’m getting c-close… Oh heavens I’m so-o full…”

“I’m getting close too…” The human grunted. He could feel his climax approaching and the moaning from the twink was making it come even faster. He flexed his abdomen muscles, determined to hold out long enough for Cassius to get his promised hands free orgasm. He kissed Cassius again.

Their tongues mashed against each other as the human smashed his lips against the turian mouth. The lewd sound of flesh hitting flesh filling the room, only interrupted by groans and moans from the two horny males.

Cassius felt the pleasure on his ass and nether start to grow exponentially, and as his eyes rolled back in their sockets he came.

Hard.

It was unlike anything he had ever experienced: While regular faps gave a good amount of pleasure, the feeling came from his cock and his cock only. What he felt now was more like his entire pelvis was convulsing in pleasure. He felt his penis throb harder than he had ever felt it before, so hard it was almost painful. His ass clenched and spasmed around the human girth currently ravaging his insides as he felt each of those twitches send small shocks of pleasure to add to the flood that was drenching his brain. And of course he could feel the cum shooting out of his dick with enough power to hit the chest of the human fucking him, load after load of the stick substance clashing against the human’s toned chest.

Winslow did not hold out once the turian started spasming: He buried himself fully inside the warm hole with a mighty thrust and came hard. He felt his ballsack churn as his pelvis muscles spasmed in pleasure. His own ropes of pearly white cum coating the twink’s insides and providing him with even more stimulation in the form of the hot gooey liquid.

After a few second the human relaxed as his orgasm came to an end. Noticing the turian’s own climax was dying down he decided to finish him with a bang and planted a deep kiss on the twink’s lips as he started to slowly pull out.

Cassius’s own pleasure high was coming to a finish, and the wonderful tongue pushed in his mouth proved to be the perfect finishing touch as the last drop of his cum dribbled out of his penis. As Winslow finished pulling out he felt his own ass gape for a moment before slowly closing up, but not before a small dribble of the human’s cum fell out.

The turian felt exhausted, in all the right ways.

“Tha… that was…” He was out of breath. After a few moments he calmed down. “That was amazing Winslow.”

“Thanks cutie. I told you it would be.” The human said with a smug grin beside the turian, his cock slowly softening.

Both males basked in the afterglow for a moment, not saying anything.

“Winslow?” Cassius said sounding unsure.

“Yes cutie?”

“Can…” He swallowed. “I mean, if you don’t mind… I wouldn’t want to push it-“

“Cassius.” The human turned to the side and looked straight into the twink’s eyes. “I just fucked you in the ass so hard you almost passed out. What could possibly be so embarrassing after that?”

“…can we cuddle?” He said, immediately regretting it as the human’s face turned from a soft smile to an almost predatory grin.

“Of course we can.” He said, putting his right hand on the turian’s chest and pulling him close, making Cassius the little spoon. God, what did I do in my last life to deserve a turian as cute as him?

“…Thanks.” The smaller male said, enjoying the presence and the warmth from the act.

“Say, wanna go out to eat something later tonight? I know a quite a few 5 star places that my boss owns.”

It was Cassius turn to be a smart ass.

“Shouldn’t we have done that before you fucked me silly?”

“Well yeah, but with your love of punk rock I thought ‘this one doesn’t care about the rules’.”

“Hmph… Fair enough. I still want my vinyl tough. And the Ramones shirt. 2400 for those 2 right?”

“Tell you what, 2000 for the vinyl and you can get the shirt for free.”

“Is my ass really worth 400 credits?”

The human moved a hand down and grabbed one of the turian’s asscheeks hard.

“Oh believe me: It’s worth way more than that… I just don’t want to lose way too much money to win you over.” Winslow replied with a smile.

“Hmmm, fair enough…” Cassius said. Laying his head down, he thought back to what had just happened: He woke up a straight virgin and now was gay and had a lover. And the sun hadn’t even gone down yet. “I want to take a nap.”

“Feel free cutie. I’m tired too.”

“Just wake me up before 6pm ok? I promised my mom I would be home by 8. We can have dinner tomorrow ok?”

“Ok Cassius. Sweet dreams.”

Oh, they would be sweet indeed.
