Soundbit pack from [**【MINECRAFT】Building stuff for Portal!! (finally?)**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9psi8k9bUV8), and parts from Mori's stream at [**【MINECRAFT】Reaper is BUILDING. (feat. friends?)**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxepfYOKHNQ)

#####General
Irys asserting dominance!
files.catbox.moe/030gdr.mp3
Irys calling you babe!
files.catbox.moe/qp5igh.mp3
Irys saying you need to get hopium!
files.catbox.moe/wpu6sn.mp3
Irys and the japanese sponsor announcement!
files.catbox.moe/ta8nq1.mp3
Irys really loves senpai!
files.catbox.moe/ou4wrk.mp3
Why are (you) saying that what're you doing is more important than Irys!
files.catbox.moe/so4rbl.mp3
need that sound
files.catbox.moe/j15s13.mp3
Irys needs to change and you shall reform her!
files.catbox.moe/k69xf0.mp3
What are you gonna do with all that cake!
files.catbox.moe/duqxfx.mp3
**work related**
Irys is on overtime!
files.catbox.moe/c3khoc.mp3
Irys hopes that you are productive in your work!
files.catbox.moe/g8xv15.mp3
**animal sounds**
Inurys!
files.catbox.moe/9u381j.mp3
Gorirarys!
files.catbox.moe/v8x08h.mp3
Nekorys!
files.catbox.moe/ahytix.mp3
files.catbox.moe/v76lfs.mp3

#####Yab
Lecher Irys peeking at underwears!
files.catbox.moe/mp4u0r.mp3
Irys has a stanky bush!
files.catbox.moe/vle2yg.mp3
Irys needs to breed with the turtles!
files.catbox.moe/h0avfj.mp3
Irys wants to sleep next to you!
files.catbox.moe/6ol3uv.mp3
Irys asking if your junior is doing well!
files.catbox.moe/x4awol.mp3
It's Irys' first time!
files.catbox.moe/6q4m86.mp3
Irys needs them big juicy melons!
files.catbox.moe/snj1ou.mp3
Irys will throw her melons at you!
files.catbox.moe/qpv92b.mp3

**From Mori's stream**
Hot and steamy situation with Irys!
files.catbox.moe/665bkb.mp3
Irys might strip!
files.catbox.moe/qve3mu.mp3
Irys singing Hot in Herre! (and being a tease)
files.catbox.moe/r1ku9z.mp3
Irys wanting you to taste her melons!
files.catbox.moe/sxz9me.mp3

**Ending**
https://files.catbox.moe/11jnza.mp3