### The Call In
!!! note This is a backup archive of the original and may not retain its formatting http://controlc.com/91bc9bab

The blonde-haired woman groaned as she sat up in bed. She ran a hand across her aching stomach, hoping to alleviate its cramps. Not for the first time today, she cursed her decision to try those oysters, a decision that she had been paying for dearly. Choco Yuzuki, renowned for her beauty and seductive charms, today found herself pale and fatigued with sickness. Being too ill to stream would be troubling enough, but the churning sensation in her guts betrayed a worse symptom. As embarrassing as it was to admit, Choco had been suffering with severe diarrhea ever since eating that accursed dish. Stabbing pains in her stomach would attack with no warning, sending the nurse running to the toilet in desperation. Holding in the pressure was almost impossible, and Choco could feel herself edging closer and closer to an accident with each wave passing through her tender ass. Luckily, the accident wouldn't be this time. The pressure in her stomach was fading, and it seemed like she'd have some peace before the next rush to the bathroom. Now would be the perfect time to get some sleep, and she was overdue a good rest. Deciding her temperature was too high anyway, Choco removed her shirt, exposing her bountiful breasts to nobody in particular. As she curled up and fell into feverish sleep, she was blissfully unaware of what her body had in store for her.

A loud buzzing stirred the demonic woman from her slumber. Forcing her drooping eyelids open, she saw an alarm notification on her phone, as well as three more than she had apparently slept through. "What could be so important as to set all these reminders?" Choco thought to herself, before her eyes widened at the name of the event - "RUSHIA 1 MILLION STREAM DON'T FORGET". Hoping that she hadn't missed her slot, Choco quickly opened the stream, only to breathe a sigh of relief when she saw Rushia on only the third guest, Marine. Her kouhai was taking her time, fully enjoying the shower of praise from both her fans and fellow idols. As she opened Discord and joined the private waiting room, Choco breathed a sigh of relief. Marine and Rushia had overrun their time slot by quite a bit when the necromancer finally cut off her talkative genmate.

"Alright, I have a few people waiting to call in" Rushia said in her soft voice. "I'll choose by order of seniority... Choco-sensei, ohayo!"

She wasn't expecting this, but these call-in streams are no problem. Just congratulate her, make some small talk, possibly reveal the colour of her panties (why was that such a frequent question?) and it would be done. Choco wouldn't even need to get out of bed thanks to her new headset and its high-quality microphone. It would take a few minutes at most, which was a good thing considering her stomach was starting to complain again.

"Ohayo, Rushia-chan! Congratulations on 1 million subscribers!" Choco responded. 
"Thank you, thank you" Rushia answered with a smile. Choco shifted slightly, the discomfort in her stomach beginning to grow.
"I was just thinking of our first collab, I was so ner-" *GRRRRRRRRR* "Are you OK, Choco-sensei?" Rushia asked, surprised that her nostalgic conversation was interrupted by a loud gurgle from the school nurse's stomach.
"Ah, sorry, sorry! I haven't had breakfast yet" the blonde woman's pale face turned crimson as she tried to explain herself. It was technically true, she hadn't eaten all day, but that wasn't the reason for her troubles. "Please, continue" she offered apologetically, using an extra seductive tone to try and distract the viewers.
"Anyway, back when we first collabed..." Rushia started enthusiastically as Choco's mind began to drift. It seemed her kouhai wasn't just taking her time with Marine, every guest would be treated to a history of their interactions. Choco could feel her brain reverting to autopilot as the necromancer's words started to blur together.
Five minutes later, Rushia showed no sign of letting her leave any time soon. The chat had moved on quickly from Choco's noisy stomach, although she was sure it was being clipped and edited already. As the green-haired girl begged to have her test score bumped up, reasoning that her brain had grown along with her subscribers, a different and more intense pressure began to assault Choco's system. She could feel pent-up gas rumbling inside her, and the slightest slip would leave a lasting humiliation. Thinking quickly, she muted her microphone and leaned over to lift her ass off the mattress, unable to hold back any longer.
*BBBBBRRRRRRPPPPP*
The first blast of gas may have been quick, but it wasn't as gentle as Choco had hoped. As soon as her cheeks were spread, a foul and rotten-smelling odor filled the room. She wished she had a shirt, if only to protect her nose from the stench. There was an alarming wetness, and she immediately clenched her cheeks to prevent anything other than gas coming out. Not feeling any wetness in her pyjamas, she was grateful to get away with only a slight skidmark. Choco quickly clenched her ass again. Sweat was beginning to drip down her face as the pressure in her ass only increased. Choco knew she wouldn't be able to let another fart out safely, and she resolved to finish the call quickly.
"Choco-sensei? Are you listening?" Rushia's voice sounded in her ear.
"Sorry, I had a, uh... knock at the door" she answered unconvincingly, keeping her round ass clenched.
"Ah, alright..." Rushia sounded suspicious, but she was sensitive enough not to press the issue and embarrass her senpai further. "Anyway, I wanted to know what panties you're wearing today."
"That's a naughty question to ask your senpai, you know?" Choco teased as her discomfort grew. "But I don't mind sharing. I'm actually not wearing any right now!"
"Eh?!" Rushia exclaimed, clearly flustered at this revelation. "Did Mio indoctrinate you into the nopan lifestyle?"
"No, don't worry!" Choco laughed at the surprised reaction, only to panic as she almost lost control. As her bowels continued to rumble and she felt her hold weaken, the blonde started making her way to the bathroom before she had an accident. In the worst case scenario, she could just end the call and blame it on technical difficulties. Anything would be better than an accident on stream, which she could feel herself getting closer to with each passing second. "I haven't had the chance to get changed yet. I only just woke up before calling in" she explained as she waited outside the bathroom door.
"Wow, you must really love Rushia to wake up just for me" the necromancer teased as Choco began holding her ass with one hand.
"Mhmm, yes, that's all I had to say" the school nurse answered in a tone too desperate to hide. Rushia could sense her discomfort, which unfortunately meant some of her viewers would have done so too. Hopefully they wouldn't think there was a feud between the two, even if that might be preferable to them knowing what was really going on.
"Well, I'll talk to you later, Choco-sensei! We should collab again sometime! Bye-bye!" Rushia said, bringing the conversation to a smooth ending.

As soon as the words left her kouhai's mouth, Choco flung open the door to the bathroom and practically jumped onto the toilet. Abandoning her grace entirely, the blonde woman yanked her pajama pants down just in time to plant her clenched ass on the seat. Within a second, Choco's hold gave out and a flood of sticky sludge began flowing out of her. She let out a long sigh of relief, only for it to be drowned out by an explosion of gas as the room began to fill with the rancid scent of shit. "That was far too close, I just barely made it" she thought to herself as her curvy ass continued letting loose. Leaning forward, Choco began to massage her aching stomach, her load softening and turning to pure mush. The unstoppable torrent of shit had stopped splashing in the toilet bowl, with all of the water being covered in the nurse's foul excretions. As the splashes subsided, she could hear what sounded like a shout from the headset she had placed on the sink's edge.
"CHOCO-SENSEI! LISTEN! CHOCO-SENSEI!" a scream that could only be Rushia's came out of the headphones.
Choco clenched her ass with all the force she could muster, briefly stopping the flow, and picked up the headset as her heart began to sink in her chest.
"Um, yes, Rushia-chan?" the blonde asked timidly, barely containing a further blast of soft shit.
"YOU DIDN'T LEAVE THE CALL!" her kouhai screamed, as the chat filled up with comments of 'big kuso lol'.