>You awake feeling a little better than last time, although you're still exhausted and your hips are sore. You slowly pull yourself up and sit on the edge of the bed, rubbing the sleep from your eyes as the events from yesterday come back to you. A diplomatic meeting turned kidnapping. Now the queen of koopas has decided you're hers, along with your kingdom. As you slowly get to your feet, you realize two things. One, your clothes were torn to shreds and you're stark naked, two, you no longer hear the steady whirr of the airship propellers. If you've landed, where is everyone?
>As you get to your feet, you realize there's a bundle of clothing on the ground. You reach down and hurriedly scoop them up, not keen on being seen like this if you can help it. It takes you a moment to realize it's your regal outfit, but didn't Bowser tear it up when she was... you blush at the memory and decide not to worry about it. Quickly, you slip on your clothes again, acutely aware that someone may walk in at any moment. Thankfully, no one does, and now you're dressed. You walk up to the familiar door and try the door handle, which opens without resistance. Did she forget to lock the door? You step outside, only to freeze. Right outside is a koopa wearing blue robes leaning against the mast of the airship.
>The koopa adjusts his glasses and gets to his feet. He holds out his claw, which glows for a moment before a staff materializes with a pop. "Finally awake eh, mysterious prince?" The koopa cackles and stares at you from behind those round spectacles of his. "I'm not in trouble for leaving the room am I?" You ask, still unsure what exactly is going on. The koopa smirks, "Oh no, I would've dragged you out of there at some point, but her evilness ordered me to wait for you recover. I knew better than to ask what exactly you were recovering from." The koopa cackles at that, then suddenly disappears in a flash of light.
>You take a step back and look around in confusion, what the hell was that about? "The name's Kamek by the way, Bowser's adviser and right hand koopa!" You yelp and spin around at his sudden voice, "Don't do that!" You exclaim as Kamek chuckles, idly spinning his staff around, "Oh calm down boy, do you have any idea how boring it is to sit around doing nothing for hours when I should be doing something far more important?" He responds. You cross your arms, "...I'm a prince. Of course I do." Kamek's glasses glint as he gives you a strange look, "Not anymore you aren't. Even though you have the clothes for it, you're welcome for fixing them by the way, you can kiss your kingdom goodbye. Now that you're Bowser's property you can expect that kingdom of yours to become part of Bowser's glorious domain." He explains matter-of-factly.
>So she meant that, huh? Bowser's already decided you and your kingdom are hers. You know you said some things in the heat of the moment, but you also know you didn't agree to that! "But I can't just give up my kingdom! Besides, there's no way I'm staying, my people have to be in a panic without me!" Your reply is met with a sneer from Kamek, who prods you with his staff, "Bah! You don't understand what's going on here, do you? Bowser wants your kingdom? Bowser gets your kingdom. Bowser wants you? Bowser gets you. It sounds simple enough to me, prince. If our queen wants something, she gets it." Kamek explains like it's the simplest thing in the world. You're too shocked to respond. Did all the koopas just mindlessly obey anything Bowser said? You saw her throw a koopa overboard over a mistake! How can someone like that get loyalty like this? "Now if you're done with the stupid questions, Bowser gave me one more task, to bring you directly to her chambers when you awoke." You feel your face flush, whatever she wanted to see you for, you doubted it was just to talk. "H-Hold on, can't we talk about this? I've got responsibilities and-" Kamek waves his staff in the air and produces a bright flash, "Silence! Your only responsibilities are obeying her evilness's every command! And let me tell you, you do NOT want to keep queen Bowser waiting!" He taps you on the shoulder with his staff, "Now, hold still. When I teleport you, you best go through the doors in front of you." Kamek's staff begins to glow, "Because if you don't, I will not be responsible for what Bowser does when she does eventually find you." And with a wave of his staff your vision goes white, and your body feels weightless.
>It only takes a moment before you feel your feet on solid ground again. You blinked and looked around in bewilderment. Your surroundings were lit by eerie torches lining the stone brick walls, red banners bearing a silhouette of Bowser's face adorned the walls. Above your head, an ornate black metal chandelier flickered. You'd expect a castle like this to be cold, but it was rather warm, the dark atmosphere of this castle certainly matched Bowser, you had to admit. Finally, you could avert your eyes no longer. Right in front of you were two large red doors. You briefly considered running. Maybe you'd be lucky and find a way out. But there was simply too much you didn't know, your best bet was still to play along. So, with a deep breath, you pushed the red doors open and stepped inside.
>The first thing you noticed was that the room was brightly lit, nothing look the eerie hallway outside. A desk at the side had some important looking papers, probably reports from her servants. Speaking of her, there was a massive ornate bed in front of you, a red and black blanket and pitch-black metal for the frame beneath the mattress, on which sat the queen of Koopas.
>She was just as intimidating and attractive as you last saw her. As much as you knew you had to escape somehow, you couldn't deny how her monstrous body had just enough bulk to show she had the strength to match her perfect scaly curves. She smirked as you caught yourself staring at her, "I see you still can't help but stare at my perfect body." She laughs, "So? What do you think of my castle, pretty prince?" You quickly look away, "I, um... Kamek just teleported me here, so I didn't see much, but it... suits you?" You stutter out your response. Bowser snorts, "Of course he would. Kamek always seems to think magic can solve everything, but enough about him. I wanted you here for a reason." Bowser leers at you like a predator watching its prey. You don't know why that makes you shiver with excitement. "It wouldn't happen to be about my kingdom, would it?" Your question is met with a shake of Bowser's head, "Nah, what more is there to say? It's mine now and so are you." She says like it's already decided. You want to say something back, deny her claim over you and your kingdom, but what can you say? How do you reason with someone like her? Bowser either doesn't notice your internal struggle, or she doesn't care. "Anyway. I sent for you because there's not much to do while I wait to see how Peach responds to my demands." She explains, "Last night was so much fun, and I want more." Your cheeks flush red and you look away, "I-I..." You sputter, not sure how to respond. Sure, you might've begged her to fuck you last time, but that was just a spur of the moment thing! It's not like you actually wanted a beast like Bowser to have her way with you, definitely not! Bowser laughs at your hesitation, "Aww, aren't you cute? I remember what you said you know. You begged me to fuck you. And me, being the generous koopa I am, went ahead and did just that, now aren't I just the nicest?" Bowser's smug tone and teasing words make your blush go even redder. You try to think of a response, but no words come to you. You're just too far out of your element. Stilted speeches and political drivel is more your speed, not this.
>Bowser narrows her eyes, "Well, if you don't wanna say anything I get it, I am right after all. And since I was so nice last time, the least you could do is return the favor, right pretty prince?" She explains, opening her legs and sliding a claw between them to spread open her pussy lips. "But where's my hospitality? You've only just woken up! You must be hungry, am I right, pretty prince?" The invitation is obvious. You feel your throat go dry and your heart beat fast in your chest as you stare wide-eyed at the Koopa queen's pussy. She really expects you to just do as your told! You've barely been her captive for a day and she expects you to behave like a trained pet! Still, you can't deny the effect that the lewd sight has on you. You feel your pants getting tight as Bowser waits patiently for you to respond. "I... I really shouldn't, I mean, last time, it was just-" Bowser cuts you off with a scoff, "Oh stop talking! What matters is what I want, now get on your knees already!" Your weak protests cut down in an instant, you stare at her inviting entrance for a few more seconds, your resistance rapidly crumbling as you allow yourself to imagine what it might taste like. As you silently step forward and slowly sink to your knees, Bowser chuckles and places her other claw on your head, "Thaaat's it... there ya go..." She whispers, smiling down at you as you stare at her pussy. "I-" Bowser immediately cuts you off by using her claw to shove your face against her cunt, "Less talk, more tongue!" She growls, her claw clutching your head tight. Your cheeks flushed red, you open your mouth and slide your tongue against her slick pussy. The slightly sweet taste is better than you expected. Above you, Bowser sighs happily, a grin on her face as she watches you lick and suck at her delicious entrance. "Hmm, not so hesitant now are ya?" She huffs, running a claw through your hair while her other claw clutches her breast, squeezing and groping it as you slide your tongue inside her.
>You can feel her warm thighs pressed against your head as you continue eating the koopa queen's pussy. It's an overwhelming sensation of softness that, combined with her encouraging words and sweet juices, make you want to lick her pussy all the more. Bowser grunts, "Mmf... fuck, you're good at that! Don't you dare stop!" You eagerly obey, sliding your tongue up and down her pussy, pausing to swirl your tongue around her clit. Bowser's thighs tighten and her claws grip your hair tight when you tease her button. "Hnngh... oh yeah, that's good... keep doing that pretty prince!" Bowser demands, a lazy smile on her face as she watches you suck and lick at her clit, her thighs occasionaly twitching against your thigh as you dutifully worship your queen. You can hardly believe what you're doing, kneeling in front of a tyrant like Bowser and licking her cunt, but you just can't help it. She tastes so good and you can't resist her attitude, not to mention her body. Your pants feel painfully tight as your tongue glides along her slit, so you pull down your pants enough to let your cock free, grabbing your desperately twitching length and stroking yourself as you lick.
>You feel yourself surrendering to Bowser as you keep sliding your tongue between her lips, your hand sliding along your cock as you lick. Suddenly, Bowser's claws grip your head at the sides, "Open wide and hold still!" Bowser growls, her hips moving as she begins grinding her pussy against your face, "Ahh, that's it, yeah that's good..." Bowser mumbles, her hips gyrating as she rubs her cunt against your tongue. Your face is getting coated in Bowser's juices as she grinds herself on your face, chasing her pleasure with no regard to you except as an instrument for her pleasure. You feels yourself getting lightheaded, your other hand wraps around her thigh. You hold on for dear life as she effectively fucks your face with her pussy, licking desperately in hopes of getting some air. The scent of her juices and sweat, the urgent panting from Bowser as she grips your head tight, her pussy quivering with need as she rubs it against your face. You feel your head spinning from lack of air, your mind a haze as Bowser's relentless grinding doesn't stop. "Take it... TAKE IT! Hnngh!" Bowser growls, her thighs trapping your against her quivering pussy as she finally cums, her jucies splattering against your face and tongue just as you go over the limit yourself, cumming explosively from the intense sensations and lack of air. "Ahhh..." Bowser sighs, relaxing her thighs just in time for you to gasp for breath. "Heh, couldn't breathe? Sorry, didn't mean to suffocate ya." Bowser apologizes, rubbing your head with her claws as she smiles down at you.
>You lick her juices off her lips, the taste is deliciously sweet. You decide to dive in and clean off the juices running down her thigh, trailing your tongue up until you reach the source of that delicious nectar, eagerly slurping up the rest of her pussy juice until her cunt is cleaned off. Bowser's smile turns into a smirk as she watches you clean her off without hesitation. "Hahah... What a good boy, cleaning off your queen without needing to be told!"
>Her words make you shiver. You really did do that on instinct, didn't you? You came in here with a plan to hold out until you could escape, but look at you now, panting for breath as you eagerly clean up her cum. You blush as you realize what you've done. Damn it, have you really fallen for this selfish koopa queen? Unaware of your internal struggle, Bowser grabs you and pulls you into bed with her, wrapping her arms around you and kissing you deep. As her tongue forces its way into your mouth, you feel your shame fade away. Slowly, your bring your hands up and embrace Bowser back, trailing your hands along her scaly sides. Maybe this isn't so bad. She might be a selfish tyrant, but she treats you so well... would it really be such a bad thing to just give in? Let her have what she wants?
>"Hmm... my pretty prince..." Bowser mumbles drowsily, a tired smile on her face. You feel yourself beginning to doze off in her arms as well. Yes... it really is not that bad. And if what she wants is you... so be it.
