#goth!Basil x Reader

Y/N was laying on his bed: the king-size mattress beneath him he often shared with Basil, not minding the gorgeous blonde boy taking up the space next to him. No, in fact, it was a great feeling, a refreshing feeling, to have such a beautiful and nice person share this intimate space with him. He was sure that Basil enjoyed the feeling too; he could tell from the fact that the boy would often come close to him to snuggle under the blankets during cold nights, swathed in the wintry breeze. 

Alas, the boy he so dearly liked wasn't next to him right now. In fact, he said that he was trying out a new outfit, a stark change in style from his usual innocent, gardening outfits that Y/N couldn't get enough of. Y/N, however, was sure that any outfit he'd have the pleasure of setting his eyes upon would be beautiful, as long as it was worn by his favourite flower boy. 

As he eagerly waited, Y/N mindlessly scrolled through his phone, his apathetic but slightly excited face washed by the device's light. He felt as if he was going to die of both boredom and thrill at the same time, somehow. Then, from the tip of his ear, he heard it: the faint squeaking of a wooden door, indicating that the blondie was finally done dressing in his outfit. Squealing lightly, Y/N turned his phone off and placed it on the small table to the side of his bed, as he heard Basil's gentle footsteps drawing ever closer.

Finally, a familiar, pale hand wrapped around the frame of the opened door, although the boy he so dearly wanted to see wasn't in sight yet. Then, a soft-spoken voice emanated from aside the door:

"I-I'm r-ready... Do you... want to see?"

The answer to the question should've been obvious, but Y/N always knew Basil as kind of a dork deep down. So, he replied with a loud "uh-huh", while he intently twiddled his thumbs. Y/N then heard something from the door again, this time a loud, nervous gulp. Finally, the moment he'd awaited for all this time came: Basil walked in front of the door frame and into the room, and the outfit he was wearing was as gorgeous as Y/N imagined it to be.

The blonde boy was wearing a black, long-sleeved shirt, although the sleeves were somewhat rolled up. Within his earlobes were two circular black earrings, while his eyes were decorated with black eyeliner, almost as if he had bags under his eyes. His eyebrows were also tinted black, and so were his fingernails: the darkness at the tips of his fingers greatly contrasted with his pale, radiant skin. On the back of his hands were painted two black hearts, and just below them he was also wearing a pink bracelet and a smaller, black band on each wrist. However, the detail that most enthralled and captivated Y/N was the fact that, below his waist, Basil was only wearing one thing: his black underwear, lined with a web of pink stripes. 

As soon as he noticed this, Y/N could feel his face immediately becoming warmer and redder. He could only mutter a "Why are in your-" before he became a flustered mess and clasped his fingers together, taking a heavy breath. It was only logical that Basil, the shyest of the two, also reciprocated this feeling, by placing his hand onto his other elbow and shifting his now-fully-red face to the side. With a nervous giggle, he responded: 

"A-Ah, I'm... sorry... I thought it was... I'll go change into something more... app-", but before he could finish his sentence, he snuck a quick glance back at Y/N. He saw a growth in Y/N's pants; seeing his boyfriend's member slightly rising made him even more of a blubbering, flustered mess. That sight made him cup his face with his hands, shakingly whispering: "A-Ah! P-Please take care of that...!"

However, Basil himself noticed shortly after that his own bulge was growing, the thin layer of underwear shamelessly displaying the blonde boy's subconscious arousal while he himself was still sweaty and panicking. Y/N swiftly perceived this detail, and tried to recuperate by teasing Basil right in his weakest moment: 

"Well, from what's going on down there, it seems like you want something more, too," drawing out a quiet whimper from Basil as his hands shook in front of his face. Y/N stood up: his rising bulge was still pressing against his pants, but he didn't seem to mind too much. He then walked over to the trembling blondie, clad in black attire, and grabbed his hand, dragging it away from his teary face and interlocking the boy's fingers with his own. 

Basil looked at Y/N, his blushing yet confident face bringing him some relief. "Come on, now, I was just teasing you!" As Y/N's face approached the blonde boy's own, and their breaths intertwined, Basil could feel himself becoming more at ease, his nervousness dissipating as he felt Y/N's cradling grasp on his cheek. "There, there..." Y/N breathed out, and continued: "Heh... I've always loved seeing you smile. I could never get tired of it." Upon hearing this, Basil's smile widened and a small laugh escaped his mouth. The two boys' faces were inching closer and closer, their warm breaths mixing and crashing against eachother's faces, until... they met.

With both of their hands now intertwined below the waist, Basil and Y/N joined their lips together, sharing a warm and passionate kiss as their tongues happily tangled and twisted together, the deepest exchange of their love. Basil's eyebrows loosened up as his mouth kept mixing with Y/N's: the two had done this so many times before, he'd lost count of how often they made out in the open, on the bed, or wherever else. This time, though, it felt happier, warmer, more passionate... better. As if there was something else going on in these boys' racing minds. After some time, the exact measure of which was completely lost on both of them due to how deep they were in their thoughts, their mouths disconnected again, with a rope of saliva conjoining their lips and breaking just as quickly. 

Before either Y/N or the flower boy could say anything, the latter looked down at his underwear, and noticed that the two's bulges were just as entwined as their mouths, touching and rubbing on eachother. Basil bit onto his lower lip, and felt as if his blush was returning.

The other boy shared the feeling, gazing down at Basil's beautiful, shiny underwear, and the by now massive bulge that was hiding within it, just screaming to be let out, and smirked. 

"Oh yeah, there's still something that needs to be... taken care of," he said smugly. At this point, another deep red blush formed on the blondie's face again, yet he didn't oppose it. Rather, he allowed his love to take his black shirt off, with Y/N gently pulling and tugging it and dragging it off of Basil's body, before haphazardly discarding it onto the soft mattress of the bed. 

Now, the greatest treasure laid before Y/N's eyes. More gorgeous than the sky, and more precious than a hoard of gold. Basil's pale, shiny, sunlight-bathed, shirtless body. It embodied perfection, worthy of being worshipped. Not a single strand of hair stained his perfect frame, not a single scratch or bruise: to call it as pure and pristine as a rainbow would be an understatement. Y/N hadn't even noticed that his mouth had been agape for quite a while now, he simply couldn't help staring at this marvelous beauty. Basil moved his black-tipped fingers towards the boy's mouth, cleaning the small drops of saliva that had formed on his mouth with his own hand, while still keeping his characteristic smile and tomato-red face color. 

The boy finally snapped out of his trance, but was still intent at gazing at the flower boy's perfection. Under his breath, he muttered: "So beautiful... Let me just..." Y/N did not finish his sentence. Instead, before the shirtless blondie could question him on what he was about to say, he pressed himself against Basil's bare chest, cupping the soft skin with his lips and savouring it with his teeth. 

"A-Aahh..." the blonde boy moaned, shakingly. Y/N could not interpret it as either a sign of pleasure or pain, so he temporarily stopped, leaving a mark of saliva on his chest and gazing directly into Basil's blue, black-lined eyes. However, Basil simply nodded; "N-No... Keep... K-Keep going... Y-Y/N, please..." he then added as he trembled, from what Y/N then came to understand was pleasure. 

Thus, the boy kept going, tracing a trail of kisses and bites down Basil's fragile body, as well as stimulating his nipples with his fingers. Every little action he took triggered a soft whimper; the more his blondie moaned, the more Y/N was aroused. Eventually, his lips reached down to Basil's crotch, as he peppered his soft and lean tummy with kisses and little bites. Drool started dripping out of the blonde boy's delicate mouth, which Y/N found adorable: not willing to hesitate, he then placed his fingers onto Basil's black underwear before shooting a gaze right at the goth boy above him. 

The boy could feel Y/N's eyes drilling through his mind; he could feel the affection emanating from that eager stare and that smug smile. They both wanted this, desired this, needed this. So, Basil gave a silent nod, as his black-painted hand crept down his body and onto Y/N's ruffled hair. Y/N took the hint and excitedly pulled down on the blondie's underwear, letting it slip and fall down to his ankles. What he saw him struck him with more awe than when Basil's wonderful, shirtless body was revealed to him earlier. His member, now fully erect, was in perfect display. The boy on his knees felt like he'd never seen something so beautiful, so divine in his life. Basil's eyes were half-shut, his mouth lightly open as well. Then, bouts of pleasure came in all at once, like the unrelenting tides crashing against a cliff. 

"A-Ah... Aaahhh... Aahh!" the blonde boy mewled out; Y/N holding the boy's shaft with his hand and caressing the tip with his tongue, swirling around and coating it in his saliva. Basil was leaning against the wall, with one hand to his mouth and another caressing Y/N's hair gently, strands of hair wrapping around his black-painted fingertips. The floral scent of the boy's penis was making Y/N's head spin, whatever nervousness he could've had before now long replaced with lust. He kept running his tongue down Basil's length, savouring its taste while teasing the boy's balls with his free hand, intent on milking as many moans as possible out of him.

"Hnnghhh... Aaaahhh... Y-Y/N... I... Aaahhh!!" Basil's cute, feminine moans were getting louder, and Y/N could feel that whatever was happening to himself was happening to the blondie as well: his shyness and anxiety forgotten, instead slowly being replaced with a strong, carnal desire. 

Eventually, without thinking, Basil clutched onto Y/N's hair and rocked his head against his crotch, forcing him to take in the full length of his penis. He then let go of his grasp, allowing the boy to catch his breath and free his mouth, now full of saliva and some of Basil's precum. Inhaling and exhaling loudly, Y/N giggled. "Well, seems like you're finally taking the lead, huh?" he said with bated breath. Basil didn't reply with anything, rather staring at the boy beneath him with sharp eyes and a lustful smile. 

As Y/N's face got closer to the flower boy's crotch, Basil suddenly clutched his hair again and rocked his head against his penis, forcing him once more to take the whole length of his member into his mouth. The boy on his knees however wasn't fighting it back, instead coating his dick with saliva and moving his tongue around it. At this point, the feminine boy had gotten the bobbing of Y/N's head down to a consistent rhythm, using his hair as a handle to keep pushing his mouth further and further in, until it reached the base.

At this point, the goth boy was very close to climaxing; Y/N noticed due to his legs trembling and the blood in his penis being so warm it almost felt like it was boiling. Wanting to exploit this, the boy took the lead again and sucked on Basil's cock even faster and harder than before, at a rhythm that the blondie couldn't possibly control. Wallowing in the sheer pleasure, Basil took his hands off of Y/N's body, one he put to his mouth while the other dangled loosely at his side. Y/N milked more and more cute moans and whimpers from the flower boy, until the latter couldn't take it anymore. 

"Y/N... Y/N... I'm going to... I'm g-going to... I'm going to c- Aaaaaaaaaaahhhh!!"

As Basil's feminine moans rang out in the room, with a tone of voice that was louder than Y/N had ever heard from him, he threw his head back out of sheer pleasure and finally released all of his pent-up pressure, spilling all of his warm fluids within Y/N's mouth, forcing the latter to remove his lips from Basil's dick and ingest the thick, but delicious load. 

Both boys, still flustered, were gasping for breath, the blondie's dripping dick still propped up and bulging against Y/N's face. The former didn't even notice that his tongue was out and that cold sweat was being released from every pore of his skin. So, when he finally snapped out of his trance, he immediately clasped his lips and shut his mouth, shyly covering his crotch with his hands and looking at the mess he had made in his boyfriend's mouth with nervousness anew.

"O-Oh! I'm... I'm s-so sorry! I... I s-shouldnt've done that... Wait here! I'll g-get you some water, or... something!" he said, while swiftly pulling up his underwear to cover his still-excited bulge. However, just as he bent down to the bed to grab his discarded black shirt, Y/N grabbed him from behind, his slender arms wrapping around his blondie's still-exposed lean tummy. Flustered, Basil tried to say something, but he was interrupted as the boy behind him slammed them both onto the side of the bed: their heads embraced by the soft mattress and the even softer blankets, while their bare feet were firmly planted on the ground. 

Y/N's head was cushioned onto Basil's exposed, warm chest, while his arms were still around his waist. Basil grew a deep, red blush once again, but hesitated to speak; Y/N could tell that they were both quite comfortable in this position. Then, to break the silence, he muttered: "No, no... It's okay, stay here...", "So warm..." he then whispered under his breath. Giggling, the flattered goth boy's blush subsided, and his trembling mouth turned into an affectionate, bright smile. 

"If you say so..." he then said, before placing his soft hands onto Y/N's head again, this time to hold him closer to his chest, enjoying the warmth. They could both feel their eyelids fluttering, tired from all the "action" they just had. Basil's black-painted eyebrows were the first to seal themselves shut, followed by Y/N's; the last thing he saw while awake was the blondie's beautiful, tender build. Then, basking in the gracious sunlight from outside, they fell asleep in eachother's arms.