WannaRide: CYBER.POLICE

It was a strange case. One Shane Curings, was brought in for questioning, because of sending out… lost of gorey images, zip bombs, and other awful shit to a good chunk of the surrounding town. We tried bringing him into questioning, but what we got from him was pretty much just rambling. Some “monster ransomware in his pc” that threatened him like it did Dillon Thomas, and sent out those things when he wouldn’t comply and give up their cash. It was crazy talk, at least it felt like it, but it didn’t seem like he was lying to cover his tracks. But, even then, we had a person who had just sent a LOT of people very unwanted items in their email inbox, and because of that, Mr. Curings’ mental state, and the fact that the only evidence we had was a busted laptop, and what he had sent to people, he was sent to CNYPC upstate, and we went to work cleaning up the wreckage. 

We sent out notifications to everyone effected, even going door to door to some people to tell them of what’d happened. To clean things up, we informed each and every one of them that Mr. Curings had been sending out ransomware, and to clear/reset their pc’s, as to not be effected. We got a good bit of push back. Lot’s of people were losing work, that was invaluable to their job. Be we assured them that we’d do to best to work things out with them, and the companies involved. Soon enough, everyone who’d been effected had rebooted their pc and done a clean sweep, leaving our precinct to be the only one left to do. We went to work bringing that onto a drive, to put into an evidence locker, before we did a sweep ourselves, and made sure to clear out everything we could, and started the next part of our investigation.

After establishing a secured, private connection, the flash drive was inserted into a pc into the precinct, and I got to work reviewing everything on it. The zip-bombs themselves were promptly deleted. Not only did I know that we wouldn't find anything useful in them, but a few folks had already opened them before we met them, and it ran their pc's so hard, that the circuitry inside started melting. Any and all photos were looked at, no matter how... gory they were. Pictures of slaughtered animals and people, meant to scare/disturb whoever opened them. Freakiest enough were the pictures of other officers and their family members. Pretty sure this would've gotten a few officers fuming, or possibly throwing up. After searching through a few more pictures, I decided it was time to turn it in. All the pictures, disgusting as they were, were just that, pictures. Decided to permentantly delete them, and that was that.

As I watched the screen go through it's process, and the green bar fill, I was thrown for a loop as the computer froze and went black. I started smacking against the side of the old pc. Stupid things were ancient, surprised we haven't gotten an upgrade for these, yet. After a few more beats of percussive maintenance, the screen popped back to life, completely blank. No file explorer, no browsers open, nothing. Worryingly enough, when I did open the file explorer, where the photos were was a single .wnr file. Against my better judgement, I opened it, and the screen went black and then purple, as a smiling beak and shades popped on the screen.

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA" covered the screen as I watched in horror. Text came onto the screen, as it popped open a window. There wasn't a button to close it, and i couldn't hover anywhere near it. Before long, a digital creature in the shape of a purple bird in black digs walked onto the screen, the same thing as the smiling face originally. Text flashed on the screen after it came to a stop.

"THIS PC IS DIFFERENT. AND NOT AS PRIVATE AS YOU THINK." After it said that, it popped open video footage of criminals along the prison. Live video of them, some sleeping, some walking around. So this was the 'monster' Mr. Curings was talking about. Some kind of living ransomware. I waited for it's demands. But it didn't give any. It kept pulling up more and more files, and then it hit me. It was right. This connection wasn't as private as I was told. These were files from different computers all over the prison. Prison funding, information and business emails of every cop here, prisoner files. Pretty much everything the prison had to offer. I started banging on the computer again, barking at it to stop and give it's commands, before another laughing face popped up on the screen. 

"THAT'S NOT GOING TO WORK. I HAVE NO DEMANDS. I HAVE A PLAN." With that, it started changing files. Prisoner information was deleted from the system. Every. Single. Prisoner's file ws deleted from our records. I watched as the camera's showed the lights going out for the prison, and each prisoner's door was let open. Before long, I could hear the riotous sounds of prisoners yelling, policemen screaming, and gunfire going off. "THE GATES ARE LOCKED. AND SO ARE THE ARMORIES." To show, it pulled up the systems of every gate in the vicinity, and one of the camera's switched to policemen banging on the armory doors. This... thing had turned the entire prison itself into a death trap. While this was all happening, the sentient ransomware kept popping onto the screen, laughing and laughing as other officers and workers died to the crowd of prisoners. 

It started sending out new zip bombs, new scam messages, from mine, and from what I could see, every computer in the facility. With all the connections it had, it was sending it to pretty much every computer in the state. When it was done, one computer after another popped up a more monstrous, version of the purple bird AI, laughing its horrible laugh across the screens before they froze and went blue. Camera's went down, lights went out, and as the last officer on screen was stabbed to death, I saw the armory doors pull open. Before long, I could here yelling near my door. I pulled into the back, my pistol in hand, as I readied myself. As I did, I saw my own computer screen fill with the vicious smile of the sentient digital being, as it talked to me through text on the screen, as the doors were bashed open.

HAVE FUN! I KNOW YOU'VE SURE LET ME HAVE MINE HERE!!