WannaRide: Version Alpha
To be honest, computers have always fascinated me. The entire digital world, everything I could ever want. All at my finger tips. I'd been mesmerized by them as long as I could remember, all the way back to when my parent's let me play games on theirs at a young age. As the days went on and I grew older, I wanted to see all that I could do with them, all that I could accomplish with it. And I didn't really care who got the short end of the stick in the end, because I wanted to see what would happen if I just... kept on going.

Around the age of 15 I had my own pc, and I used it for all sorts of things. It was so easy to do, too! With a few presses of a button, some random guy's entire life could be flushed down the drain in the blink of an eye. Then I'd let it slip it's way back to me, funneling it through a number of different places,  until it finally got back to me. And I did that for a good few years, living a relatively comfy life from the comfort of my own room. But I was always thinking in the back of my mind I could do something more. Again, the internet was at my fingertips, why not test it's limits. So when I turned 19, I left my parents and dug away for a bit, and left people alone as I got to work. 

In my mind what I wanted to do, was create an explosive for some dumbass to set off. A ransomware with a brain, like an evolving AI. I tested and tested, helping it learn, and then just let it run, doing it itself. I pretty much let it feed off of other people's pcs, sending it to friends, and having it unknowingly run it's way through and find every exploit it could, before slithering back to me without them even noticing it was there. The information it gathered, the amount of data it collected was astounding. I then start letting it fuck people over, to see how much damage it could do, and it could really have some FUN! Sending out important files to other people, taking their personal info and giving it to stalkers and assholes. And then, as always, leaving them be. That was, until I decided to test it on a more tech savvy friend I knew. 

I wasn't going to try anything malicious with him, not at first. I wanted to let it dig around in his pc for a bit as well. His was a bit stronger, more protected, and I wanted to have my little virus learn. But he had his own custom protection set up that it had never learned against. The fucker had it found and quarantined in minutes, and then had me on the phone, yelling at me. He'd heard about people telling others about the shit that'd been happening to them, and angrily believed I was going to do the same thing to him. He threatened to call the cops, show them what I had done, and that's when it happened.

A flash of blue, and everything was gone. It was like it had thrown down a digital bomb, and there wasn't a trace of it left. No emails, now residual files. Matter of fact, it wiped the fucker's whole thing clean. Factory reset. Even cleared out his phone too. Like everything was brand new. After that, I just sat there, in front of my pc, more upset than anything. My favorite lil experiment, the one I put so much effort into, gone because of one dumb move. Almost felt pissed at the fact. All that work, something I had actually gotten interested in, down the drain. Decided from then on, I'd just... not push it. 

My friend tried calling the cops on me, tried warning people, but it didn't really amount to much. Most people just believed he was freaking out, that he must have done something himself to fuck up his pc. The few who asked me were met with feigned ignorance, and left not believing a word he said. Cops couldn't even really do anything, because there wasn't really any evidence on his stuff. Don't know what really happened to him. Heard someone say he took his own life by his pc. Don't really care.

I left it all behind for a good while. Got into playing games, and even modding them. Model-making, sprite art, it was fun to learn and do. Even made a name for myself, and made some legitimate cash on the side. But then it came back. I opened my laptop one day to find a notepad page open, the virus I thought I lost, back and smarter. It gave me the data, what it had learned from my friend, and it's new skill to really fuck with people. And it wanted to learn more. To do more. And what's a creator to do if not let it's creation learn. But I wanted to let it have a fresh coat of paint. Ran through some old models that I made, before falling onto an old model of Wave that I'd been working on for Riders. Felt like it fit, a smart, tech savvy bird. So I let the virus learn, and use the pc to control the model, how it moved, how it looked. Even taught it how to talk, how to make threats. Soon it was editing photos, destroying information.... And then I hid it away. Left it on a tor page somewhere off on it's own. It'll get downloaded one day, and I wanna see how much fun my little "WannaRide" can have, and what more it could teach me. And hey, might not be bad to make some more money again. Legitimacy is okay and all, but taking shit's easy.
