As the sun set, a perfect opportunity granted itself to one witch in particular. Penelope Warwick snuck out of the castle with a remarkable swiftness, avoiding all of the teachers that patrolled the halls and set out into the forests of the highlands. Going over her plan again and again in her head to make sure it was absolutely perfect. The red haired woman had let herself be caught off guard the first time she got into things with this particular opponent and now had to prove that she wasn’t just prey to be conquered. Taking a deep breath and transforming into a ginger kneazel. Following the path that other students had been told to avoid during nights where a full moon would rise high in the sky and waiting when she found the right spot.

Just as she suspected, Faolán walked down that pathway. Performing his monthly ritual, leaving his coat to rest on an out of the way branch and stashing his usual garb underneath a pile of rocks. Sitting in the nude as he stared up at the sky, waiting for the moon to rise, that last light casting a long shadow across the trees of the muscular man. His gaze unable to spot the kneazel that watched him, believing the hair raising on the back of his neck to be a sign of the coming change. The moon began to crest over the hillside, its light shining upon him, forcing the change of his body to begin.

For all her studies, she had never witnessed a werewolf mid transformation. Returning her body to its natural state and quickly pulling a small journal from her clothes and watching the man become a beast. Black fur grew from his skin as his bones and muscles cracked and tore at each other, claws raking against skin for the surprisingly short moment that the half-wolf took to finish his change. As his head raised to howl with the moon, her hand grasped at her wand. Quickly flicking it to release a levioso, stunning the beast as it lifted into the air. As claws struck the ground she moved quickly, not wanting to test how long he would stay there. A quick incarcerous later and the beast was bound when it dropped to the ground.

As she approached she continued to cast binding spells, a muzzle to keep him from biting, chains to keep his claws off to either side. When all was said and done, he was safe to be near. A growl escaping him as those eyes locked upon the ginger witch, blinking only when absolutely necessary. She could have left it at that, having proven that she wasn’t just prey for Hufflepuff's big bad wolf. Though when would she ever get the opportunity to experiment with a creature like this safely? Her form swished as she took off her hat and extra pieces of her clothing, not wanting her outfit to be ruined by what she planned. 

Getting down on her knees in front of the creature and reaching her hands up to grasp and caress his balls. Moving herself closer as he grew erect, sure she had been fucked by him before but never when he was like this. Bringing herself face to face with his shaft for a proper inspection. Her lips brushed against it, eliciting a growl from the beast again as he struggled against his bindings. Perhaps it was a feeling of smugness, perhaps it was a feeling of pride, but she was willing to push her luck with this particular part. She let her tongue run from the base of his cock all the way to the very tip, gently swirling it around the head. Her lips parted as her head lowered. Pushing her body up against it, the knot resting between her tits as her head began to slowly bob.

The feral one only fought harder against his bindings, the chains pulled taut with his motions. Unable to resist that need, that inner urge to breed the woman in front of him. His hips started to push forward, sliding more of that massive cock into her throat. Using it like he would a womb to the best of his ability. The woman obliging him to continue this rather fun experiment, pushing her head down in time with his motions. Her tongue rubbing along every inch that it could, jaw strained against how wide she needed to keep her mouth open for him. 

She was certainly experienced with creatures his size, her arms pushing her tits together to work the bottom half of his cock. A mix of drool and pre-cum leaked from the sides of her mouth, eyes rolling back a bit as she began to get lost in the heat of the moment. Not paying attention as one of the bindings finally snapped, one of the beast's arms freed. Yet he did not attack her, choosing to continue fucking her throat, wanting to leave the shape of his cock within her. Eventually pushing in an attempt to knot her throat, pressing it against her lips but remaining too engorged to fit within. His cum poured down her throat, making her swallow each drop of his seed.

Both of them enjoyed that blissful moment before Penny lifted her head and pulled back. Coughing as she began to catch her breath, drool connecting his cock to her mouth as cum dribbled down her chin, unable to swallow all of it entirely. Panting as she began to get her bearings again, beginning to say that she wasn’t prey now before hearing the other binding snap. Realizing only once it was too late what had happened. Her hand tried to grasp at her wand but the beast was ready for her now. Letting his claws slice her trousers open and pull her body back against his own.

Her heart raced, unsure how this night would end. Looking down to see that massive cock between her legs, seeing how it reached from her thighs all the way up her stomach. The beast kept a grasp on her chest and hip, lifting her up to begin. Before the words slow down could escape her. She was impaled by his cock. Faolán wasted no time in his attempts to breed her. Her legs splayed open as he thrusted into her, each thrust forcing more of himself into her body. She wanted to resist but the sensation was overwhelming, her mouth opening only to let out ecstatic moans. Her hands reached back to grasp onto the beast’s body, letting her body roll with his.

Faolán’s hands released their grasp and moved to grasp at her thighs, keeping her legs spread wide open for him. Each of those thrusts pushed all but the knot inside of her body, those forceful thrusts caused a bulge in her stomach as he attempted to bury himself inside of her. His grasp on her body tightening. As he started to reach his second climax, he pushed hard into her. A high pitched noise escaped her as her pussy was stretched to its limit, trying its best to squeeze around his cock. Her own juices dripped onto the grass below them, lubricating her enough to take his knot. His seed pouring inside of her body, that deep growl rumbling his chest against her back. Her eyes rolled back as she panted, looking down as the mark began its work. Seemingly unconcerned with it as she knew she’d be stuck with him for most of the night now anyway. 

A mental note came to her, needing to make sure to repeat the tests in the future, just to make sure all of her research was absolutely correct. Resigning herself to be trapped with the werewolf for now. She let her body relax as his hand ran along her stomach, her own staying on top of his much larger one. Using what energy she had left to make mental notes about all of the breeding capabilities, size, and every other relevant detail she could think of while stuck with him, getting bred from the moon’s rise to its fall.