#Winner Takes Loser

After a warm summer day of classes and the occasional drama between cliques, the campus started to die down. A shade pulled over the grounds, a cold blanket over the scorching pavement, as the sun steadily receded behind the dormitory. The orange glow heralding the end of yet another day, yet the vigor it gave to the students were far from spent as their day continued in their rooms.

Inside one of these modest room exciting yells could be heard through the door. The dimly lit dorm had posters covering the walls of games, metal bands, and esoteric imagery as three friends shared an old, strained sofa underneath them. They passed some well used controllers around, trying to claim the title “King”. Of course, that would also give the winner ruling rights until next time. Something that Zack, the rhino currently mashing away at his controller, desperately wanted. 

“Fuck, man! Don’t do that cheap fireball stuff, I’m almost dead because of it.” Zack said, the frustration clear in his voice as one more hit him. “You just got to time it right, you can win…” The black furred angel sitting next to Zack tried to say as the game stopped as the last fireball hit, a big K.O flashed across the screen. While Zack’s character flew across the screen, Nate, the croc that was his opponent for this game, tilted his head backwards as he drank from his bottle. “No way. Better play around it next time, loser.” The croc said after swallowing, a kind yet drunk smile spreading across his jaw. Dennis, the black goat sitting between the two, let out a mild bleat as he felt the weight of the sofa shift, falling onto Nate’s shoulder.

Nigh fuming, Zack got up and threw off his shirt onto the floor. In his mind it was just too hot in the room to focus, so slowly during the evening he had tossed away more and more of his clothing across the room. "You're lucky it's so damn warm in here with you two, but now I’m going to kick your ass in this next match for sure!” He said as he crashed into the couch again with nothing but his briefs on. “Let’s go. Again!”

It was a tad comical seeing Dennis sit between his friends. His lithe frame nearly being smothered between the rhino and croc’s wide, muscular bodies. The cool green scales of Nate’s arm were taut against well-developed shoulder the black goat was currently rubbing his face against. If his face was not already flush, then Zack’s hard pecs, a white tuft of hair between them, made his cheeks red as a fox. Not as if it were a rare sight, since unless they were sitting on this couch Dennis’ head only reached up to his friends’ chest, and Zack would find any reason to go topless. 

Nate looked into the stunned goat’s blue eyes, his reflection clear in Nate’s chartreuse eyes, and Dennis thanked his thick fur for covering his strawberry tinted face as he pushed himself up, sighing as the croc gently smiled at him. Dennis had developed a crush on both of his friends. He did not know when, not sure why, but he felt more awkward than usual when they hung together recently.

“No Johns allowed Zack.” The croc said, tossing his controller to Dennis before taking another sip of his beer. The controller landing in his lap shook Dennis awake, breaking away from his sudden introspection. “Yeah, it’s not even that bad. I mean, I’ve got way more fur than you do, and you don’t hear me complaining.” Dennis said, shaking his head, throwing the thoughts away for the moment, and lifted his skull shirt to show off his black fur. Grunting, Zack thought for a moment before coming up with a reasonable explanation. “It’s cause I’m so fucking ripped, that’s why it’s so much hotter for me.” He said, tensing up his toned chest as to prove a point. Intrigued, the croc put down his bottle and faced the rhino. “Oh, so you’re saying I’m not ripped as well?” Nate said, flexing his big bicep, nearly breaking his shirt at the seams as he refuted Zack’s point. “No fair! You’re cold blooded so it doesn’t count.” The rhino said back, his white hair standing straight as he continued his flex. “That’s what we call, Johns.” Nate said with a grin, relaxing his arm as Zack got back into the game, letting it fall over Dennis’ shoulder.

The goat jumped as he felt Nate’s hand land his side, the smooth scales on the croc’s hand still felt cool as it hazily started to caress him. Sneaking a glance to his side, Dennis saw Nate sigh as he placed the bottle beside the sofa and relax further. It seems as if the croc wasn’t aware he was holding Dennis close, let alone caressing the high-strung goat. “Luck- No, don’t think too much on it.” Dennis whispered under his breath, fighting against his desire to relax in the croc’s embrace as he finally chose a character.

After a short load, the match had started. The energetic music played loudly out of the TV as Dennis and Zack started off slow, moving back and forth, trying to get the other to do something stupid. Which Zack, still feeling his blood boil after he was destroyed by a drunk reptile, did so without needing much bait as he jumped in with a kick. An attack that was quickly met with an uppercut.

“Fuck.” The rhino grunted as he took the full force of the hit. “How’d you catch that? I was so sneaky with it?!” He continued, amazed that the goat managed to see through his master plan. Getting into it, Dennis leaned forward, sitting at the edge of the sofa, nearly standing as he played. “Easy. You always jump in as your first try.” The goat added quickly before capitalizing on his advantage.

As the match continued, the two combatants got livelier with each blow delivered. Dennis standing on the floor, kicking clothes and books away, as he repressed his urge to hop in time as he took the first round. Once he nearly fell over, losing his momentum as the rhino fought back. Zack’s mouth in turn ran as fast as his fingers could mash on the controller, cursing under his breath with each mistake and gloat as he won a round. The white furred rhino even declared himself the best as he hopped off the couch to join Dennis, swinging his arm around the pouting goat, as he took the second round.

Nate smiled as his friends hopped in front of him, sharing some innocent smack talk before the third round began. Yet the croc, his mind and body effected by the day’s heat and potent brew, could not help but draw his eyes closer to the rhino’s form fitting underwear and the tail pushing down the goat’s pants. “It has been a while.” Nate whispered as an idle hand stroked his inner thigh, a shiver crawling up his spine as he felt his loins stir.
“Don’t get too cocky now Zack, you know he turns into a devil in the third round.” The croc said as his eyes traced up the rhino’s exposed, wide back. Zack turned to face the croc, still sure of himself, as he gave Nate a reassuring wink. “Nah bro, you might be able to beat me with your lame tactics. But I’m gonna pound this ‘devil’ into the floor!” Said Zack enthusiastically, too focused on the reptile to notice Dennis’ tail stand straight, the words taking another meaning entirely inside his head. But the subtle flick beneath Dennis’ shirt did not go unnoticed by the attentive croc.

Their quick conversation came to its end when the announcer called the next round, both mammals’ attention fully on the screen. The rhino threw caution to the wind as he started the round with a super, forcing the goat on the defensive. “How do you like that?” He almost yelled, pushing his side into Dennis in hope the goat’s real balance would disrupt the game. Despite Zack’s efforts, Dennis persevered. Pushing back against the grey wall of muscle as their match continued, all to Nate’s content. A low growl vibrating through his chest as his scaled hand groped his bulge.

Stable legs fought against the rhino’s weight as the characters on screen traded blows, their hips squarely pressed against each other as both tried to take their advantage. The music seemingly growing louder in tandem to the intensity in the room, the apparent heat Zack was talking about now also effecting Dennis as he felt a drop of sweat form on his brow. Believing in this method of distraction, the rhino started to run his mouth once more. Tails clashed, holding a battle of their own, as the characters life steadily fell. A chuckle brought Zack out of his concentration. “You guys are squeezed tighter than a wedlocked couple.” Nate said, amused by the sight in front of him. As the rhino was about to reply he felt a tail whip his rear as the goat jumped in joy, the victor decided within moments notice. 

A mix of annoyance and shock spread across Zack’s face as he saw his character down on the ground. Defeated, he fell into the couch next to the croc, feeling Nate’s arm wrap around him to cheer him up. “Another loss. Next one’s mine tho.” He said, straightening his back as the goat continued to celebrate. 

“Maybe if you didn’t talk so much, you’d win more.” Nate said, shooting the rhino a quick grin. “As if! You’ll have to shut me up before I stop.” Zack quickly retorted. His interest piqued; The croc leaned closer to the rhino. “Want to make that bet?” Nate asked, his hot breath tickling Zack as he whispered. Zack fidgeted as Nate’s hand grasped his shoulder, the cool scales feeling great against his hot skin. His black eyes glancing at the croc’s throbbing bulge. “What do you mean by that?” He asked, a mix of excitement and worry building in him. “Simple. If I win, I’ll shut you up.” The croc said, licking his lips as his eyes locked with Zack’s. Before he could give an answer, Nate released Zack as Dennis sat back onto the couch, still content with his hard-fought victory. “Loser buys drinks?” Dennis asked as he tossed the controller into Nate’s lap. “Ye- Yeah. Let’s up the stakes!” The rhino answered, swallowing loudly as he forced his eyes back to the screen

The two jocks glanced at each other, sharing a silent, quick nod before they selected their characters. As opposed to their previous match, the croc had now picked a burly grappler, their mere presence dominating the screen as the intro crawl started. Nary a second into the round started, Nate, with a surprising amount of focus, dashed in and grabbed Zack, throwing his character into the corner with a powerbomb. “Alright if I set the tempo, Zackary?” The croc teasingly asked, pressing his elbow into Zack’s flank as the rhino recovered. Repressing some anger at being called his full name, Zack pressed his leg into the croc as he bit back. “Oh, I’ll make you eat those words.”

After the surprising start, the round ended quickly, with Nate taking the victory and Zack complaining about the damage a simple throw can do. Meanwhile the goat sat beside them, trying to get used to Zack’s seat, as he watched the game and their banter. It did strike him odd that Nate was more physical in his teasing, patting the rhino’s thigh and pulling on his tail, compared to his often-dry delivery. 

“Had one too many bottles today Nate?” The goat asked, a part of him wishing he were playing against the croc if he were to this physical. Nate released Zack’s thigh, the rhino relaxing as the cool hand inched away from his crotch, and the croc leaned over the rhino to answer Dennis. “Nah, don’t think so.” He started, a drunk grin still on his maw. “Bet it’s the heat, always feel more pumped up after a warm day.” Pumping an open hand in the air as he finished his sentence. “Ah, got-gotcha.” The goat stammered, as his mind trying to decide if the croc was pumping a phantom weight or something else.
Seeing the opportunity, Zack pressed his arms down against the croc’s back, pressing his torso into his lap. “Stop that! You know Dennis will get the wrong idea if you’re doing horny stuff like that.” Zack said, feeling Nate’s wide chest against his legs, the cool scales seemingly covering every inch of his body. After a quick, playful, struggle, Nate pulled free. “You saying our dear Dennis doesn’t masturbate? He’s not that pure.” He said motioning to the posters behind them, his wide tongue poking out slightly as he teased the two of them.

Music amped up as the second round was about to start. Both players got ready for their bout, but the croc wanted to leave Zack with a message. “I’m gonna get you back for that.” Nate whispered, as he brought his controller to his lap. Zack’s eyes following it to once more get entranced by the croc’s throbbing bulge. 

As the last round, the croc got the first hit in. Dennis expected another throw to come out, but instead the burly grappler continued to do regular punches and kicks. The black goat’s confusion only grew as the match went on; Nate’s attacks were met with little resistance from Zack who forgot how to block. Turning to his friends, Dennis saw Zack’s eyes dart from the game to Nate in rapid succession. “Come on Zack, watching the controller is cheap. Are you really going to let Nate play around with you like that?” Dennis said trying to encourage the distracted rhino. The pep talk seemed to have worked as his eyes returned to the screen, a drop of sweat falling from his brow as he started to fight back. Yet, with the advantage taken while Zack was distracted, Nate ended the round with a piledriver, winning the match.

Dennis sighed as he scratched his head, hoping that Zack would not take yet another loss tonight too bad. But as he turned to the rhino he had a smile on his face, one filled with anticipation despite his losing streak. “Well then, I guess I’m the one buying some pop. Want to go along and pick out something good, Nate?” The rhino asked, his eager smile trying to goad the crocodile out for some fun. The reptile brought his arm over the rhino, pulling him in closer. “Why the rush, your drink’s right here.” Nate said as he ruffled Zack’s white hair, his drunk grin growing hungrier. 

Before Zack could question what the croc meant, Nate pushed his head down, quickly colliding with the croc’s cotch. A tent stood tall and proud in Nate’s cargo pants, poking Zack’s flush cheek as it throbbed calmly. The rhino was about to complain, but he swallowed his words as he felt a rush in his body. He could still feel Dennis’s eyes watching them, wondering why the croc held him in place, why Zack’s bulge stirred to life. He liked it, being watched as he did not fight against the croc’s grip. Not desiring the headache of thinking why he enjoyed it, Zack moved his body. Ending up resting his knees on the old sofa, his arms resting in Nate’s lap, and rear pushed back as he nuzzled against the croc’s erection. 

Closing his eyes as Zack pressed his snout into the tent, Nate eased up the pressure, scratching the rhino’s hair, before pushing him back a few inches. Zack sneaked in a quick peck of the tent before he yielded, the croc’s cool hand going from the rhino’s ear and cheek, Zack taking the moment to suck on the croc’s clawed finger before Nate let go. With an agility shared by most drunken reptiles, Nate pulled his tank top off him, unbuttoned his shorts, and pulled his green shorts down to his knees, revealing a pair of dark blue boxers barely holding back a throbbing member against his thick thigh, the sight of which made the rhino’s mouth water. Pressing his nostrils against the bulge Zack held of a moan as he inhaled Nate’s intoxicating smell.

Cautious to not poke Nate with his horn, Zack put his lips at the croc’s covered glans, kissing the dark wet spot at the tip of the tent. A familiar, yet dampened, flavor spread across Zack’s tongue as he suckled on the tip. A content sigh rumbled in Nate’s chest as he leaned back, the buzz in his brain only adding to the sensation. Suddenly Nate’s hand came atop Zack’s head, gently patting him as he goaded the rhino to continue. Arching his back, Zack went down the bulge, dotting it with kisses along the way. When he arrived at the balls Zack stopped, his breath covering the clothed sack in a hot mist before he began to lick it, raising his tail as the moan he held in escaped.

Meanwhile, not even a full meter away, Dennis sat beside them, trying his hardest to ignore Nate’s sighs of pleasure and Zack’s hungry moans. It did not take long for him to understand what was happening, but he still could not fully believe it. The goat’s crushes, those that he thought of on lonely nights and fantasized about in the eager mornings, were sitting beside him… Engaging in a shared interest. The sounds became too hard to ignore, especially when Dennis felt his own member start throbbing to life. Pulling up his knees to his chest, the goat decided to hide his own excitement. Trying as hard as he could to suppress it when a tail suddenly whipped him, forcing him back to the reality that had Zack’s ass, barely hidden beneath a tight-fitting pair of shorts, just a few centimeters from his face.

A grumble escaped the goat as he bit his lip, his eyes locked onto the grey rump shaking eagerly in front of him. Zack’s tail whipped him once more, hitting his sensitive ears, which forced a bleat out Dennis. “Ah, sorry for that.” Nate sighed as he opened his eyes, a haze of drunk lust coloring his expression, to look at the black goat. “It’s a tad uncontrollable when he’s excited. You can see it easily when he makes a goal, or when he’s hungry for some dick.” A wet smack punctuating his sentence. While the croc talked, Zack gently pulled down Nate’s underwear. The croc’s cock holding onto the elastic band before hitting his abs, a spot of pre coloring his lighter underbelly. A groan rumbling out of Nate’s chest as Zack started to suckle on his glans.

“I… I see.” Dennis said trying to hold his aroused state in, the skin beneath his fur burning hotter than it has ever before. Though, despite a rhino tongue lapping at his cockhead, the goat’s growing arousal did not fly by Nate’s half lidded gaze. An idea forming in the croc’s head as he let go of Zack’s white hair. “Hey, wanna learn a way to stop it?” Nate asked, his fingers trailing down the rhino’s spine, the cool, clawed, digits forcing Zack to shiver as they traveled along his wide back. The fingers finally stopped by the hem of Zack’s underwear. Not sure how to answer, his eyes hopping between the rhino’s ass and the croc’s fingers, he slowly nodded. A drunk grin formed on Nate’s jaw as he slid his ring and middle finger underneath the hem and placed the rest atop. “Great.” He said in a sultry tone, pushing Zack’s underwear down, revealing the rhino’s rear. 

Even if the tight shorts did not leave much to the imagination, Dennis could feel his mouth start to water as Zack’s toned rear came to view. The rhino's affinity for squats clearly paying off as the black goat sat still, mesmerized at the plump grey ass. With a satisfied hum Nate released the sweaty garments, letting them rest at the rhino’s knees. An excited laugh came from Nate as Dennis gulped while the croc grabbed Zack’s rear, spreading his cheek to show a tight pink ring hiding inside. “Watch and learn.” The croc said, his index and middle finger tracing circles round the pink ring before pressing onto it. 

Zack moaned around Nate’s dick as he felt the croc prod at his entrance. Lifting his head of the cock, the rhino turned around to see Nate’s fingers enter him as Dennis looked on with an aroused expression. Excitement boiled in his body once more as he felt Nate’s fingers go further in, stretching out his backside as he looked for Zack’s prostate. The digits brushed past it, and Zack covered his mouth with his hand as he raised his tail. No warning given, Nate began to push and massage Zack’s intimate button. Shocks racked the rhino’s spine as he felt his own dick leak pre onto the couch. Eventually, it became too much for him and Zack released his maw. “Fuuuuck bro!” He moaned, a desire for more forcing him to push his rear into Nate’s hand.

Dennis felt as if he was burning as he continued to watch. Zack’s long, hard cock, swinging back and forth as he shook his hips, leaked out a constant stream of pre as he got his prostate milked, making a huge stain on the old sofa’s middle cushion as the rhino continued to moan. Nate continued to bring his fingers in and out the hole, spreading them apart sometimes to stretch it out. Eventually Zack’s tail coiled around the croc’s wrist, trying to keep his hand close. “See? That’s how you stop his tail from moving.” The croc said as he placed his other hand atop Zack’s head, showing off the tail around his wrist. “If you want him to shut up…” His words trailed off, a tension building as if waiting to strike. Nate brushed past the prostate once more, forcing a curse out of the rhino. But before Zack could finish, Nate pushed the rhino’s head down onto his cock, penetrating the rhino’s mouth once more. “You have to plug his other hole.” He finished. Groaning shortly after as the warm, wet snout began to eagerly nurse the croc’s dick.

“Oh, wow.” Was all that Dennis could muster, the sight before him still inspiring his blood to flow like a rapid downwards. Between groans and reassuring ruffles in Zack’s hair, Nate continued to give the goat a welcoming, albeit drunk, smile, but welcoming for what Dennis was not sure off. Using whatever will power he could find; The goat pulled his sight off the erotic display and onto the ground. Focusing on the discarded clothes, Dennis considered his options. He could leave and go for a walk, hope that his friends were done by the time he got back. Or, his heart jumped as he considered it, he could join in. 

"No, that'd be too fast."  The romantic angel in his mind said.  "You haven't even taken either of them on a proper date yet.  Maybe if you are just patient and you formally ask them out later then you can join in if you want." The goat hummed, understanding what that voice said. “And what if by the time he makes his move they’ve found someone else?” The devil in his heart retorted. “It’s not as if there haven’t been stories of couples born out of the heated flames of passion.” Dennis put his head in his knees. He also agreed with that point, and so did his member if the constant throbbing meant anything.

With a wavering sigh, he made up his mind. The goat stood up, his feet pushing the rhino’s and croc’s clothes aside as he walked towards the door. As Dennis reached it, he opened the door gently, seeing his dormmates chatting in the hall, before quickly closing it, making sure to lock the door tight before leaving. “God… I can’t believe I’m actually doing this” Dennis muttered before stammering out his desire, his body burning with lust and anticipation. “Mi-mind if I join?” The black goat said, the heat welling up in his body making him pant. “Sure thing.” Nate said between groans, the same, dumb, welcoming smile spread across his jaw. With a timid gait, Dennis walked back, his clothes joining the mess on the floor as his fur burned with excitement. 

“So, like, uh… How should I…?” Dennis mumbled, his heart seemingly skipping every other beat as his body warmed up. The goat’s thoughts were an incoherent mess as he got a new view of the act, Zack raising his rear even higher as Nate pushed him further down his length. Yet for as much as the rhino had swallowed, he still had not reached the croc’s sack yet. Dennis gulped loudly as he saw Nate’s heavy balls rest against the sofa, Zack’s spit giving them a nice shine as it rolled down the croc’s shaft. The goat stroked his lower jaw, how much did he have to stretch it out to fit those balls in his mouth? The question sparked a shiver down his spin that made his cock jump, a small wet patch forming in his underwear as it came to rest. Least his lower head liked the idea.

After a sharp inhale, and scaled feet nearly ripping the carpet, Nate locked eyes with the excited goat. “Well, I would recommend getting your dick wet, but I still want to make Zack’s throat bulge.” The groggy croc said planting his elbow atop the rhino’s head, the upped weight pushing Zack down a few centimeters more as he failed to surpass his gag reflex. Nate hissed as the rhino choked around his member, the convulsing gullet bringing a new tightness to the experience, but as the rhino tapped the croc’s strong thigh, he lifted his arm. 

Zack rose of the dick in a panic, a single strand of saliva connecting the two before he started to cough. “Fuck! Augh, almost had it.” The rhino said, wiping a tear from his eye. “Sorry for that.” The croc said posthaste. Zack shoot Nate a quick smile before he dove in for a kiss, the rhino’s tongue surprising the croc as Zack shared a trace amount of Nate’s salty pre. As quickly as he went in the rhino backed out, content with surprising his friend. “No need dude. Hard to get that last bit in.” He said, his tone dripping with desire as he grinded against the croc’s palm, Nate’s fingers still inside him.
Dennis scratched the nape of his neck, feeling his fur warm up as his body worked overtime to keep calm. “Well, how about a change of position?” The goat asked before his mind could catch up. Quickly realizing that he spoke, Dennis shook his head. “Or I dunno…” He continued, as if trying to back away from the situation. Yet as much as he tried, Dennis had Zack and Nate’s full attention. A heavy sigh escaped his lungs as he stepped forward. 

After some quick instructions, and a whine from the rhino as Nate’s fingers left his ass, they were in their new position. Zack laid on his back, his shoulders resting against the armrest as his head hung over the sofa’s edge. While Nate stood beside the couch with his erection in his hand, slightly stroking it as he kicked his boxers away. A groan echoed through the croc’s chest as the rhino’s teasing tongue licked his sensitive head and underside, making Nate lean forward and grip the back of the couch. “This should help you, um, bottom out.” Dennis said sheepishly, still not brave enough for dirty talk. The goat could not help comparing when he had the two dicks in sight. While Zack might have won in a competition about length by couple of centimeters, Nate had the advantage of width. The heft of his cock made it bend in a mesmerizing arc.

Not needing any more goading, Zack grabbed the reptile’s thighs, bracing himself entered as Nate entered his snout once more. The croc bucked his hips forward as he felt the wet, warm passage around his dick, pushing his cock in more. To Zack’s surprise, he did not gag when the thick cock entered his gullet. Instead, he moaned as he felt the salty pre flow down to his gut. The croc continued to groan as he swung his hips back and forth, slowly bringing more of his dick inside the rhino’s throat. Dennis thought Nate would rock the couch as he picked up the pace, but he stopped; The final swing making his sack collide with Zack’s snout. “Didn’t you say you wanted to join in?” Nate asked turning to Dennis. It was hard to take the croc seriously when half his member rested inside Zack’s gullet, but Dennis could tell he was. The black goat tried to back away once more, uncertainty welling at the back of his mind, when a scaly hand grabbed his crotch. “Come on little buddy, it's no fun being on the sideline.” The croc said with a lusty huff, his hand gently groping Dennis’ groin. An excited moan came out of the goat’s covered mouth as Nate hocked the hem of his underwear and pulled him closer. Cornered, and his excitement overtaking him, Dennis pulled down his shorts, letting his own respectable package out to hang. 

As if being nude in front of his crush was not enough, the croc whistled in approval as his eyes devoured the black goat. “Nice.” Nate said, the earnestness in his voice making Dennis blush more than the whistling as he covered his face. Shortly after Nate pulled back his hips, slowly leaving Zack’s wet snout until only his dickhead was left inside, and then he thrust back in, the force of which smacked the rhino’s nose with Nate’s sack. Zack’s body rocked back and forth as the croc fucked his mouth, steadily filling it with more of his dick with each go. Dennis watched the rhino’s pecs, the shapely muscle bouncing as the chest heaved for air. Without a word, the goat climbed up onto the couch, resting his rear on Zack’s toned stomach, and put his cock between the rhino’s pecs. 

It felt otherworldly to Dennis as his hands groped Zack’s chest, restraint slipping out his body as his fingers kneaded the white-haired rhino’s pecs. He felt Zack’s heartbeat, how it pulsed in a wild rhythm as the goat freely played with his crush’s pectorals. Feeling braver, Dennis gently pinched the rhino’s nipples. A low rumbling moan could be heard from Zack’s chest as he squeezed just a bit harder, the vibration inside his throat making Nate’s thrusts all the better as he groaned in pleasure. Making not only one, but both Nate and Zack vocalize their enjoyment with his actions made Dennis feel good, powerful even as he sat atop the rhino, his dick neatly wedged between his firm pecs, matting the little white fuzz between them. With one strong thrust, followed by the smack of the croc’s scaled sack hitting the rhino’s nose, Zack’s body rocked back and forth. The motions making Dennis bleat in surprised pleasure as his own cock got massaged between the rhino’s pecs. 

The shock slowly crawled up Dennis’ spine as he tried to recover from the sudden sensation. Sure, if you went through the goat’s browsing history you would see similar images as to what he is trying now, but Dennis did not expect for it to feel that good. As the goat tried to temper his own excitement, Zack’s only grew. Having his face fucked while his pecs got played with proved to be something he really liked, the rhino’s dick pulsing powerfully as his senses got overwhelmed. During one of these pulses, he brought his hips up as if trying to fuck the air. Yet the only thing he touched with his cock was Dennis’ soft black, back fur, leaving a wet spot near the goat’s tail as the sudden contact made him shoot a strand of pre.

Spurred on by the sounds of pleasure, smell of sex, and a rhino cock hitting his back, Dennis’ dropped his guards. The croc’s drunken motivation echoed in his head, reminding him to enjoy himself. His inhibitions lowered, the goat began to meekly thrust on his own, continuing to grope and play with Zack’s chest as he pressed his member in between the strong pecs. Steadily building up speed as he grunted, eventually joining the chorus of pleasure as he moaned lustfully.

What started as a small spark, turned into a roaring fire lit inside Dennis’ loins as his dick rubbed against the rhino’s firm yet pliable pecs. Even if the surface was dry, the goat humped passionately, the occasional stop in his thrust as his knee hit the sofa or cockhead bumping against the grey pectorals only fueled his engines. Steadily coating the crevice with a healthy pump of pre with every other thrust, the goat had no issue to increase the tempo. Continuing to grope, knead, and play with Zack’s pecs. The rhino’s chest steadily getting a lewd shine to it as Dennis continued to thrust. His goal turning from enjoying himself, to humping the slick passage to the beat of his rapidly beating heart. A sharp shock at the base of his tail nearly made Dennis bite his tongue. The crawling pleasures slowly covered his back, climbing up his spine as leaned forward, freezing the goat in place.

Dennis had not even realized he had closed his eyes before he pried them open, his eyes seeming to have rolled back into his head from the intensity of it all. He felt his dick throb as he stayed put, fearing any movement would bring him to an abrupt end. But as the crawling cold went up the goat’s spine, the sight before him made his face burn. Below him the goat saw the hot mess he made, the faint flicker of the TV making the rhino’s pecs shine. In front he could see the bulge in Zack’s throat, drool and pre running down his snout as some plump scaly balls rested against his nose. Just a little more and Zack’s lips would meet Nate’s underbelly. As for Nate, he had leaned forward like the goat. Going between grunting and panting as he made shallow thrusts, the tight gullet egging him to bottom out.

“What’s the hold up?” Nate asked, a haze of lust covering his chartreuse eyes, as he leaned closer, trying to lodge the last bit of his cock inside Zack. The goat’s heart skipped a beat as the croc leaner over him, Nate’s inebriated breath tickling the fur behind Dennis’ horns as he groaned gutturally. “Ju-just a bit… intense.” Dennis pushed out between labored breaths, the sweat and musk in the air building a fog in his brain. A low grunt came out of the croc as he nodded. “Yeah, different from using your hand. Isn’t it?” Nate asked, a mischievous glimmer in the corner of his eye as he finished. 

“Hey!” Dennis flared up, the blush beneath his fur growing a hue redder as the croc chuckled. Before the goat could defend himself, he felt a cool hand on his shoulder. Leaning close enough that Dennis could smell the beer on his breath, Nate traced his fingers up the goat’s back before grasping his head. “You know… You’re cute when you’re all blushy.” Nate said in almost a whisper. Dennis feared his fur would turn red, but as Nate leaned in and kissed the goat, he could swear it would happen any moment.

It was awkward at first, Nate’s long jaws and Dennis sturdy snout were not compatible for this intimate act. But the two did not care. The croc’s teeth gently poked the goat’s skin as his wide tongue entered Dennis’ mouth. Despite having the possibility to dominate the goat’s mouth, the croc shut his eyes as he gingerly explored it. Whether it be his drunken state calming him down or some desire bubbling underneath, it did not matter to Dennis as he closed his eyes as well. Hanging an arm over the Nate’s wide shoulder as he returned the kiss.

An entirely different form of pleasure washed over Dennis from the act. One still carnal at its core, but wholly unique from what he has experienced before. It was not overbearing, like the sweet sensations of massaging his member between two firm muscles, yet it still made Dennis’ knees buckle as his tongue embraced Nate’s. If he were not already seated, in the back of his mind he thanked Zack for it, he would have fallen into the croc’s light toned chest as Dennis’ tongue brushed against the croc’s sharp teeth. The goat moaned as, in the heat of the moment, Nate leaned further in, his hand keeping the goat in place as he deepened the kiss before letting go. Even as the reptile leaned back the goat hanged onto his shoulder. Intent on making a final impression, he sneaked in his tongue between the croc’s lips one more time and gently caressed his palate, the surprise making Nate groan. 

As their lips parted, a single strand of saliva connected them before soon after breaking. The only sign of their intimate moment gone if it was not for a lingering bliss in their minds. “Wow.” Dennis said, his voice nearly a whisper. A faint taste of beer stayed in the goat’s mouth, the acidic aftertaste refusing to leave no matter how much breathed out into the crocodile’s neck. “Augh.” Shortly followed, a grimace of disgust quickly taking over the goat’s face. The expression made the croc laugh, spooking Dennis into sitting straight.

“Sorry for the bad kiss.” Nate said after his hearty laugh. “You just looked so cute; I couldn’t help myself.” His mind still abuzz after the kiss, it took a moment for Dennis to realize what Nate meant. But once it dawned on him, he quickly released the croc and scratched at the base of his right horn. “Ah, no! That is not… It was good. Really good! More so that I- I still don’t like beer.” He finally stammered out. The croc’s smile only widened as the goat continued to talk, trying to decide if he had said enough or not. 

A familiar tension building in his loins, Nate pulled out of Zack’s thigh throat. With a wet pop, and a needy gasp from the rhino bellow, Nate’s shaft exited the rhino’s snout. The cool air outside the wet maw hit his spit shined cock, forcing a shiver out of the big croc. “You close?” He asked short and to the point, his sack tightening against his crotch as Zack’s hot breath caressed it. Dennis was about to answer, but his body did for him. A powerful throb of his dick came, shooting a rope of pre up to Zack’s neck, before it rested snugly between his pecs once more. “Then let’s change it up again.” Nate said with a sultry smile.

Dazed and his face covered in a mix of saliva and pre, Zack clung onto the reptile’s thick thighs as he stood before him, a lustful expression spreading across his maw as he gasped for air. His eyes had long since rolled up into his skull as his face got fucked, Nate’s musk burned into his nose as his sack had grinded against the rhino’s snout. That memory meaning, he had managed to swallow the croc to the hilt. “Fuck bro, I knew I could do it.” Zack said, a hint of pride within his voice. His hands went to his heaving pre-covered chest, fresh, sex addled air filling his lungs as he recovered. “It’s not like you haven’t done it before.” Nate stated as his fingers ventured into Dennis’ black fur, groping the goat’s lithe body as he pushed him back. Dennis slowly felt himself lean back towards Zack’s crotch, too focused on the attention given to his chest to notice his rump colliding with Zack’s dick.

The sensation of soft fur and warm flesh made on his cock made Zack rise with a surprising amount of energy. The quick, forceful motion, throwing the goat off the rhino’s chest and back first onto the other armrest. Sitting up, Zack’s vision quickly returned to him, and a lust drunk smile spread across his lips as his eyes landed on Dennis, the goat’s cock still throbbing fiercely as pre ran down it. The goat stayed put as the rhino crawled closer to him, a meager bleat escaping his lips as Zack’s arms surrounded him. “Man, you must really love my pecs the way you groped them.” The rhino said, pressing his own hand into his lust-stained chest. “So much as well. You blue balled bro?” Zack asked, his tongue soon licking his fingers free of any pre he picked up. Dennis was overwhelmed, any illusion of being able to deal with lewd talk after speaking with Nate were utterly crashed by Zack’s aggressiveness. A heavy creak came behind the rhino as he pressed his hips closer to the goat, their tips soon touching as Zack bucked his hips in a light frot. 

Zack felt a sharp pain above his glutes as he did his second thrust, making him lift his hips above Dennis’ crotch. “Take it easy will you, not everyone can deal with how aggressively slutty you are when you’re horny.” Nate said as his head rested on Zack’s shoulder, one hand on Zack’s chest and the other gripping the tail as his body pressed tightly against the rhino’s back. “Bro, I’m not…” Zack tried to oppose, but as he felt the croc’s heavy cock grind against his rear he shivered, shutting whatever opposition he had down. The lubed-up dick covering Zack’s ass with a healthy dose of his own spit, steadily dripping down into his crack. His own excitement taking over, Nate released the rhino’s tail and grabbed his cheek, spreading it apart to see the eager pink ring inside. The croc shifted his hips, his cock now aiming for Zack’s entrance, as he began to push his hips forward. Slowly he pressed his hips closer, putting more and more pressure onto the entrance, easing the rhino by twisting his nipples and biting his shoulders, until finally Zack’s body gave in. He felt his rear spread around the croc’s dickhead as it pushed in, the motion only stopping once Nate’s glans was fully inside.

A deep growling grunt and an eager moan came out the two jocks above Dennis, his own member aching for release as the rhino’s thighs rubbed against it. Nate pressed his chest into Zack’s back, pushing the rhino down closer to the couch as he gently pushed and pulled his dick. Knowingly, or not, the croc pressed the rhino’s hips closer to the goat’s crotch, as well as Dennis’ face into Zack’s pecs. Within moments, the Dennis’ cockhead rubbed against Zack’s spread rim and his shaft frotted against Nate’s thick member. His body thinking on its own, the goat grabbed Zack’s hips, feeling the rhino’s firm yet supple rear with his fingers, as he pressed his hips up gingerly. 

Noticing Dennis’ fingers touching his, Nate released the rhino’s grey cheek and placed his hand on Zack’s shoulder, gripping firmly before shooting the eager goat a glance. “No need to be kind Dennis, if you want to get in you have to put some pressure on it.” Nate said, squeezing the rhino’s pec once more. A warm, painful pleasure filled Zack as Nate spread his rear, rocking his body back and forth to get more inside him, barely noticing the croc’s words as his scaled hand gripped Zack’s strong shoulder. “Like so!” Nate said enthusiastically as he pulled the rhino closer to him, shoving more of his dick inside while forcing Dennis to enter Zack’s stuffed rear. The sudden intrusion and further spreading of his ring made Zack moan whorishly, the warm, tight, embrace around Dennis’s cock made him loose his breath, and Nate groaned in pleasure as the tight whole just got a bit tighter.

Swearing he could see stars, Zack held onto the armrest as he got accustomed to yet another new sensation. Dennis’ grip around his waist and Nate’s weight on his back made it hard to move, not that a single strand of hair wanted to escape this close, ensnaring embrace. Held firmly still, all Zack could do was take shaky breaths as the two dicks pressed into his prostate. A steady flow of pre drooling out of the rhino’s cock as it throbbed, staining the goat’s black fur with his virility.

Trapped between an old couch and a grey wall of muscles, the goat could still barely catch the air his lungs craved. The smell of Zack’s sweat and his own pre clinging to the rhino’s chest filled his lungs instead. Rubbing against Nate’s shaft inside Zack’s rear while having the goat’s head stuck between a pair of well-developed pecs, well, it was an assault on the senses. An assault that dulled Dennis’ mind, and fueled a desire roaring in his heart. His grip eased around the rhino’s waist, his hands following the obliques until they reached his glutes. With one hand on each cheek Dennis spread the ass apart, greedily groping Zack’s rear as he forced his hips up in a quick thrust. Above him Dennis heard Zack take a quick breath, the sudden buck of the goat’s hips sending a shiver up the rhino’s back. One that Dennis shared as he felt the velvet soft passage welcome him eagerly, his glans getting massaged by Zack’s internal walls while his underside rubbed against Nate’s throbbing shaft. Soon after they would share an eager moan, the goat’s sound muffled underneath the rhino’s body, as Nate pulled back his hips before slamming them against Zack’s glutes. The time for waiting had passed as the reptile began thrusting in full force, the croc’s desire to cum, to paint Zack’s insides white with his seed, had grown to feverish highs as he waited for the two to start. The intense frotting, along with the soft walls convulsing around his cock, goaded the goat on, soon joining the croc in his thrusts.

Attempts of rhythm, an equal back and forth as the combined force of Nate and Dennis’ thrusts rocked the couch, were completely forgotten in the throes of lust. For each thrust Nate made, Dennis managed to get in two. When the croc put pressure into the rhino’s back, fucking Zack into the couch with heavy thrusts, he would limit the goat’s humps, smothering him in the rhino’s front. Though the goat did not mind the muscular chest pressing into him as he took the chance to lick Zack’s nipples, cleaning the area of sweat and pre as he made the rhino moan. The sudden and often shifts in motion kept Zack on edge, a needy moan rumbling out his coarse throat each time Nate’s hips collided with his glutes. Dennis held Zack close, his arms wrapping around his waist as the two mammals enjoyed the heavy, fast thrusts of Nate. 

Zack’s cock continued to throb as his body got wracked with pleasurable shocks. The small pool of pre on Dennis’ stomach now rolled down his sides, making his sticky black fur cling to the rhino as they embraced. His dick stuck between his own abs and Dennis’ stomach, Zack rubbed his crotch against the wet black fur each time Nate’s crotch collided with his rear, an orb forming in his core as a strained grunt escaped his snout. With each thrust hammering into his ass, each tease of his chest as the goat bit into his nipples, and each time his cock grinded against Dennis’ stomach Zack swore the orb moved from his core and to his crotch, slowly inching its way up to the tip of his dick. Lacking the strength, the pressure overwhelmed him, Zack’s breathing hitched as he realized he was close. “FUCK!” Zack yelled. His passionate cry turned to a moan as he came, shooting ropes of white onto his and Dennis’ chests.

The goat had barely time to tell what the warm strands hitting his chest were before he felt the passage around his dick convulse around it. Tightening up, releasing, massaging, and milking his cock all within a short span of time. Dennis closed his mouth, not thinking that he bit onto Zack’s chest, as the sudden stimulation overwhelmed him. One, two, three painfully slow throbs later he came, erupting into the tight hole so desperate for his cum. Nate, his body already intent in filling up the rhino’s ass, felt the warm cum around his dick as he smacked his hips against Zack’s rear. Pressed deep inside Zack the croc refused to pull back, instead grinding himself as deep as he could while he pushed himself over the brink. His hips resting against the rhino’s glutes, the croc’s sack tightening up against his crotch before a guttural groan rumbled through his chest. Nate came like a flood, a torrent of cum quickly shooting deep inside the rhino’s guts. As the torrent turned to a calm river, a content grunt came out of Nate before he fell over, crashing into Zack and Dennis beneath him.

Now truly stuck in place, the combined weights of the two jocks above him, Dennis tried to find the strength to tap their sides, but the afterglow that washed over his and his crushes bodies seemed to have stolen what little he had left. Their breathing calmed, from a fevered pant to a calm rise and fall of their chest, as they clung to each other. The warmth of each other’s embrace only enhancing the gentle afterglow that spurred their bodies, soothing their desires. Nate especially as he pressed his front closer to the warm mammals, a content groan coming from the croc. But their afterglow ended abruptly as someone was at the door, banging angrily at it as if it would solve whatever issue they had.

The banging on the door only got louder and fiercer, almost sounding as if whoever was behind it planned on breaking it down. That idea sparked some energy inside the goat. Not wanting to be seen underneath two guys, smelling of sex and sweat, he tried to push Zack away, almost panicking as he was unable to move the gray mountain stuck in wonderland. Nate groaned and opened his eyes; Dennis was not the only one bummed they got disturbed and pushed himself off Zack. Gently pulling his dick out of his red tinted rear, he finally exited with a needy gasp from the rhino as the croc stood up. As the goat put his back into one final push a weight suddenly left, making Dennis able to push Zack off him with a powerful, desperate, force. The motion making Dennis’ member slide out of Zack’s hole, his and the croc’s cum slowly trickling out of the slightly gaping hole as Zack laid on his back, still in bliss. 

Before the goat could think of cleaning the cum off his chest and crotch, making himself presentable for whoever had their issues with him, Nate opened a crack in the door, leaning against the wall as he poked his head out. A short gasp came from the toned brown wolf on the other side, clearly expecting the lithe goat to poke his head out instead of a big croc. “Hey man, could you guys be quiet in there!? Some of us are actually trying to relax on this hot ass day!” The wolf said, nearly standing on his toes in frustration as he raised his voice. Nate sighed, relaxing a moment before a smile returned to his face. “Yeah, sorry. You know how Zachary gets when he is gaming. I swear you could hear him from the other side of town.” The croc said, the teasing remark flying over the dazed rhino’s head as he cooled the situation. “Yeah. Whatever Nathan. Just be sure to give him a smack from me, yeah? He ruined my concentration.” The wolf said, his posture more relaxed as he waited for Nate’s answer. “Of course.” Nate said while nodding. His wish granted; The wolf relaxed before walking back to his room down the corridor.

Soon after Nate closed the door, his hand massaging his shoulder as he walked back in. He turned his gaze to Dennis, the black goat still sitting on the couch naked, staring at the nude croc. “You heard him, be sure to give Zack a good smack while I’m gone.” Nate said as he pulled on his tank top and looked for his shorts. The energy returning to Dennis’ body, the goat stood up from the couch and handed the croc his cargo pants. “Gone? What are yo-“ Dennis said before a weird feeling at the top of his mouth made him cough. Once the cough subsided, he saw a white, wet, tuft of hair in his hand.  Biting into Zack’s hairy chest probably was not a good idea he reckoned, before the situation dawned on him once more.

His face burning anew, he turned to see the croc poised to leave his dorm, the handle already in his hand. Fearing Nate would leave him with a naked, lust drunk rhino, Dennis tried to speak up before the croc stopped him. “Someone has to get the drinks, he’s in no condition to do so.” Nate said, pointing at Zack as he opened the door. “Besides, it gives me some time to think of an apology.” Confused, Dennis grabbed the croc’s arm and held him in place, still out of view from any passerby in the corridor. “For what?” He asked, tilting his head inquisitively. 

The croc looked away, ashamed of his answer, before turning back. “For… forcing you into this.” Nate admitted, his chartreuse eyes refusing to meet Dennis’. “A warm croc, combined with some booze in the system, makes for a terrible judge.” The croc sounded surprisingly sober, as if the post orgasmic clarity cleansed his intoxicated body. “I got you into mine and Zack’s thing, probably hurt you with how rough I was, and, god, what if we actually took your virginity that way?”

Nate kept on rambling, accounting his sins to the goat in a whisper, sounding worse and worse about himself until Dennis grabbed his snout, shutting the croc up. “First off, I wasn’t a virgin before I did that.” Dennis reassured Nate, the skin burning under his fur as he admitted it. “And second, it was my own choice. So don’t worry about it.” Nate’s strained eyes eased up, his made-up guilt falling off him like water as the goat talked. “Though, I will admit that was a bit intense.” Dennis said, scratching the base of his horn as he released the croc.

“Well, I’ll get you a lemonade then. Sweat and pre might be hot in the moment, but it won’t sate your thirst.” Nate said, his kind, yet teasing, smile returned to him. Dennis stammered out a yes as the croc reminded him of what he did, licking Zack’s chest clean only minutes ago. “I’ll still want to talk about… This though when you come back.” Dennis said before Nate closed the door. “Sure.” The croc said, waving the goat goodbye as he left for now. It would surely be an awkward conversation to have, but one that Dennis looked forward to with both mind and body. At least he had time to prepare for it as he wondered if he should pour some water over the messy rhino.
