##### `Wolven in the Library`
>It all started when you ventured solo to the shopkeep in Northview at the waning hours of the evening, hoping to acquire that rare artifact he said he was holding for you. Unfortunately for you, you ran into a group of Wolven tribesmen on the road there. They somehow mistook you for a spy and brought you back to their village, where you were locked in a cell awaiting for the elders to decide what to do with the 'human interloper.'
>After being there for what felt like an hour, that's when you encountered one of the female Wolven. She was staring at you from a bit away, taking care not to move closer at first. When you stared back at her, she looked startled, but didn't move from her spot. Most Wolven tribes hardly interact with humans, and admittingly most humans such as yourself, never met with the Wolven unless it was purely political.
>Despite your current circumstance, you put on a genuine smile and motioned her to come forward, trying to show you were harmless. As she approached the cell, you were taken back by how beautiful she looked.
>The delicate color blend of her fur, with bountiful strands of distinct colored hair, made her such an alluring sight to behold. You both traded names, but hers was a bit too difficult to pronounce fully, so you called her "Colette" for short. She seemed to enjoy the more 'human-like name'.
>Colette asked if you really were a spy, to which you replied you were actually a librarian. You had to explain what a library was, but when you mentioned in such vivid detail all of the folklores and heroic epics in that library, she listened with such focus and attention.
>From a young age, Colette was fascinated by the tales of her people's origins and of the spirits who blessed them with prosperity and gifts, but hearing these new and exciting things made her want to know more about human lore too.

>That's when you proposed a deal. If she could stealthily release you from the cell, you promised to show her all of the books you had amassed over the years. Despite the obvious risk she faced if she were caught, she was able to spring you under the cover of darkness, and the two of you were on your way back to Moher.
>This was one helluva gamble, you admit. Maybe it wasn't the brightest idea to walk one of the Wolven through a secret passageway to get here, practically undermining the security of the town walls, but you were a man of your word and it was nice to meet someone who was actually interested in hearing these tales. Colette even came dressed in a rather long cloak to try and conceal her identity, and even at night time, one couldn't be too careful.
>When you both made it to the safety of the library, you shut the door behind you and made your way over to the collections. The many torch scones adorning the walls were already lit, providing enough light for her to appreciate the library in whole. Admittingly, you weren't planning on having guests, so a few papers and books were strewn about on the stone floor, but she didn't seem to mind one bit. She was too busy marvelling at the seemingly endless cases filled to the brim with books, even taking quick smells at the quaint scent of inkwells and flowers.
>You pulled the 3 book volume of 'Sjolthor' and sat down on a rug next to one of the shelves. If there was one thing to get someone interested in reading, look no further than good ol' Sjolthor. Colette sat next to you as you began to retell the same stories you never tired from hearing.
>She rested her head on your shoulder, following along with each world and story you delved into, always asking questions about each one. Her curiosity led to even longer discussions of things and it showed she had far more interests in reading compared to most people in town, which wasn't a surprise considering how few people ever came.

>3 rather lengthy books later, you both began to get pretty tired. You had gotten up to clean up a bit of the strewn mess you left, and when you came back to the rug, you merely smiled to see that Colette had since fallen asleep next to a pile of papers she was inspecting.
>She looked so peaceful seeing her body rise and fall with each slow breath, with even the occassional flicker of her tail and ears as she laid there.
>When she started to toss and turn though, that's when you began to feel a certain tightness in your pants. The cloak she brought with her was being used as a blanket, but it wasn't doing a very good job of covering her beautiful pair of boobs. And everytime her legs twisted and turned, more and more of her shapely nude body was teasingly coming into view.
>The cloak began to slip further and further away from her backside, revealing a shapely and cute butt, along with her delicate flower, that tantalizingly drew you in closer. On some level, as hot as this all seemed, you couldn't shake the feeling that it wasn't cool to try and make a move on her when she was just lying there trying to rest.
>You'd only just met her, so it may be a little awkward to try anything like that. Instead, you elect to slowly sit down next to her head and slowly stroke her back. Noticing your presence, Colette pushes herself closer to your leg and sighs contently.
>She then elects to fold her arms onto your lap and rest her head on them. You begin to rub her head as well with occassional scratches behind her ears, while you listened to her hum some sort of song to herself in contentment.
>In the morning, it would be imperative that you got her out of Moher before anyone saw. But until then, you were content to have this beautiful Wolven resting on you and hoped you would be able to meet again without any looming threats.