# Serpentine
Feeling very much like a fool where she sits under her covers gripping onto a leatherbound tome with the title "Enthralled by The Enchanter" for dear life she tells herself that no, no sometimes desperate measures must be resorted to in desperate times. Her brown hair falls over pale shoulders and frames her face upon which a determined yet decidedly troubled expression is present. 

The cause being the following: she's reading explicit erotica before bed in hopes of -decreasing- the risk of unwanted salacious dreams, reasoning that if she's doomed to repeat the nightly event she may as well take steps to prevent them from featuring absurd themes in the vein of 'somehow more inappropriate use of forbidden spells'. To this end she's spent the evening absorbed in a story about a morally grey sorcerer having his way with a bewildered heroine in numerous different settings none of which include any of the themes she's come to expect her mind to assault her with. 
Well...Only one way to find out if her plan holds any water. 

With a flick of her wand the room of requirement falls into darkness, book tucked away underneath her pillow as she makes herself comfortable with a huff.

────────────
Teeth pricking her shoulder. Large warm hands fondling her heaving breasts, roaming underneath them to ghost over her ribcage in a way that makes her keen as she's pressed against him - the rough feeling of his shirt against the bare skin of her back a reminder that she's entirely exposed and at his mercy while he's yet to remove a single article of clothing. She's sat facing away from him, his lap separating her from the bed underneath them and staining his pantleg with her wanton need. 

Another nip at the sensitive skin of her neck, a breathy gasp escaping her swollen lips. Her arms shoot up to shield her expression from him only to be seized around the wrists, his digits easily reaching all the way around them. "None of that." He chides. "You aren't the disobedient sort are you?" Shame-filled tears threaten to spill from her eyes as she falls limp in his arms at the comment; shame at herself for being so completely pliant despite her discomfort. The approving hum she's rewarded with makes her breathing impossibly more labored and she wonders if it's possible for a witch to self-ignite. 

His fair hair falls in disheveled strands over his temple as he stands before her, rolled up sleeves treating her to the sight of his veins underneath his skin as his tie is loosened without his gaze ever leaving her bare form. "Please..." She pleads in a voice she can't recognize as her own, thighs clenched together with cramp-like force, the pure need filling her so strong she fears she'll lose her mind. It's met with a pensive look of feigned confusion. "You'll need to use your words." The realization of what he means hits her and her hands fly up to cover her burning face, hurried whispers of "oh no" leaving her lips while she comes to terms with what she's about to do. The barely-there chuckle he lets out goes unnoticed by the woman as she struggles in her own personal panic. 

"Relax, I was just—"

"Please. Please fuck me I need to— I need to feel you in me *please please* fill me with your cum I can't take it anymore!" It starts out as a barely there whisper, volume growing with every word as instict takes over and suddenly she's begging, voice breaking a little further with every word.

Her legs are parted, arms outstretched towards him leaving her expression exposed to his eyes along with the rest of her. Blue eyes filled with tears, cheeks flushed...And he's on her. Pants hastily unbuttoned to free his straining member; head leaking precum which makes the slide of his fist over the warm length slick and easy as he positions himself against her warm heat. He rubs it up and down her swollen slit as his free hand roams over the flat plane of her stomach. The size of him is...Intimidating. She doesn't know if it's unusual or if it's because her stature is so small compared to him but it makes her worry she may not be able to take him. No. No, she will.

Legs draw close to him, closing around his waist as best she can. Her hands grabbing at his arms to feel more of him. It's all he needs. The fat tip of his cock presses against her tight cunt and the sound she lets out is a cross between a sob and a moan. The barrier stretches and he's able to enter her, pausing before pushing in further to make sure she's breathing but he can't stop the slight jolt of his hips as he feels her sveltering heat. Before he can ask if she's alright she's pulling at his arms in desperation, all but pleading for him to kiss her, to hold her *to want her*.  He complies, large frame enveloping her as he smiles into the neediness of the awkward kiss they share. She's clinging to him like a drowning woman and every desperate motion rocks his cock deeper into her impossibly tight cunt.

Every vein is felt against her walls as he ruts into her and she's in awe at how easily her body was able to adapt to the intrusion, how quickly the sting of his entry turned into pleasure. Warm large hands had guided hers to rest on her stomach to *feel* how deeply he was nestled in her and the shameful moan she'd let out must have goaded him on because every deep thrust is now accompanied by him *grinding* himself into her deepest parts and the wet sound of their coupling fills the room. A particularily rough motion causes a whine to spill from her lips, a breathy kiss soothing her in apology. "You're doing so well. Look at you, taking all of me in you." The praise sends her over the edge and she feels like a coil has sprung in her; cunt clenching around him causing him to groan and the sound is so beautiful she could cry.

Mouthing filthy praises against the sweat-slick skin of her shoulder, hips ramming into her with enough force to be painful but she's meeting every motion as best she can. The thick veins of his shaft press into her sore insides and— 
He's forcing himself so far into her she fears she might break; not stilling even as he's cumming into her instead bullying her womb with deep grinds of his cock to ensure he's milked dry of every drop.

 "That's a good girl."

────────────

This time she doesn't bolt upright, instead opening bloodshot eyes to stare into the ceiling as she wonders if she'll ever be allowed a proper nights sleep.