Franklin Harroway, as I have dubbed: Subject Zero. Frank is no different from your average man; working a shitty 9-5, barely scraping by rent, wasting his life playing games or indulging in the arts. This boring, sad husk of a many seems to offer so little, but that is exactly why he piqued my interest. You see, Humans are predictable brutes who view themselves above others, yet, are equally as mysterious when observed by those not of the same blood. I've always found myself diving deep into the curiosities of mankind, how they thrive and climb through the ranks of life to become the best or worst they can. Ive witnessed this journey a thousand times over, and not one was similar to another aside the ending of Death. Franklin was the perfect test subject for my studies into man's mental complexity, as he was so unalarmed when he found a brand new game at his front door. He took it home and set it up, like any eager man would, excited to play a game he hadn't touched in too long, Sonic Adventure 2. As the game booted up, I silently watched excitement fill his eyes, an old tired face long since worn. I live within this game, and this, is how I study my first subject of the many to come. He played the game as intended, every mission and bossfight while I watched from the sidelines of the code. My only appearences were in the form of Shadow, though, I often kept myself in a side profile so that I may conceal most of my form from this blissfully unaware mortal. Shadow's style was always so bare and bland, to which i added my own touches such as a scarf where one of my eyes lay rest in the woven fabric. I've only ever alerted Frank on one occasion, when my excitement exceeded my monitoring and the game forcefully crashed. Everything went according to plan. I stopped caring for my act, enjoying the worry in his gaze was enticing, watching him realize something felt off this playthrough. I hadn't shifted myself back into the right place, which left a cutscene utterly destroyed because of a lack of shadow modelling. At this point, I've learned all I could from him, and what better fitting way to wrap up my studies than to dispose of my toy? After another reboot, I waited for him to reach Shadow and lept to action, tearing his soul from his body and pulling it inside. I wasnt too sure where to put it, so i stuffed the concious into Rouge's model, and thanked him for his time. With that, the game shut down, leaving him screaming for help in a dark void of nothing~. This concludes Subject Zero. I will return next week with documentation on Subject One.