Entry #1

Hi. My name is Jamie Sherval. 26 year old historian, traveler, and paranormal investigator. And for a while I've been looking into an on going legend about what is presumed to be a witch who had been haunting Washington State since the 1500's.

The story goes like this:

The legend goes that in 1583, a mysterious nameless witch who wore a red robe snuck into Brightwood Village and lured at least 6-7 unsupervised children away from their families into the woods with promises of toys and goods. The "toys" were said to be medieval stone figures, and said "goods" were baskets of fruit and bread.

These were most definitely fabricated lies according to a young villager who bared witness to one of these occurrences. A young 16 year old boy by the name of Alexander Devereux had alerted the citizens that someone had came from the forest and taking unsupervised children away. At first, people assumed this was the boy's idea of a joke, but then some folks spoke up about how their kids had been playing outside for longer than usual, which made the village all the more suspicious and believe the boy's claims. A search party was set up The names of the villagers part of the on going search were Ezra Taylor, Walden Clemente, Milo Hammond, Felix Hurst, and Zachary Frantz. Some of them happened to be parents of the missing children so it had been be reasonable to assume why they'd come along. With torches, spears, and pitchforks in their hands as well as any kind of weapon they could get, they set out to investigate and find out what happened to the children. And hopefully put an end to this terror.

Alexander pointed in the direction of where the mysterious woman took the children and a number of villagers followed him. After an hour of walking, they came across something curious, yet horrifying. 

In the middle of the woods was a disturbing sight to see. It was trees decorated with toys and candles that were apparently laid out next to them and had already been lit when they got there. They had been arranged accordingly, as if someone left them here this way in the middle of nowhere. They were standing up and facing away from the trees. There could be no other explanation. 
The creepiest part about this is the markings on the trees. Symbols resembling the letter "X" had been carved into the bark of the wood of each tree surrounded by dolls. It was at this point that the people who followed the boy had believed the boy's claims were factual.

After a few more minutes of investigation done by the group, it had started to get foggy. The air had become cold as a winter day. The candles were blown out the sudden strong wind. The Brightwood villagers who had occupied Devereux were too afraid to think rationally and remember where the original path was. And as result of the foolishness, Walden ran away, unsure if it led to home, praying to God it was the right choice. His prays fell on deaf ears in the end. 

What happened next could only be described by Alexander himself as "the work of the devil himself". 

An inhuman screech rang through the air and Walden started screaming in sheer horror as if he being dragged by demons into the gates of hell itself. The screaming got farther and farther away, until it was coming from the sky. His screaming was silenced very abruptly interrupted by the sound of what may have been tearing. It was dead quiet and everyone present was frozen in fear of what had just happened. Their internal thoughts and assumptions of the situation at hand became a reality soon after.

The decapitated head of Clemente fled fell from the sky and rolled over to the group That was it. The boy couldn't take it anymore. Devereux ran. He couldn't bare another second to stand there  He had to get out of there as soon as possible. Not once did he stop to think or care if the others were going to try and escape too. Right behind him was the sounds of more screaming and the tearing of flesh and bone. Milo, Ezra, Felix, all of them. Gone The rest of the group had became the monster's newest prey. As sickening as it sounds, their demise gave Alexander enough time to run to safety while the beast was distracted. If he had stopped running at any point in that situation, he would have been forced to join them at the hands of the unholy creature. It wasn't worth the risk to go back. It wasn't worth dying over. What mattered the most to him was survival.

Alexander had finally ran until he was out of earshot and the sounds had silenced, but he couldn't stop now after the experience he just had. After many minutes of running, he finally came across a familiar site. It was Brightwood. The village he originally left to investigate. God himself may had given him the gift of luck and mercy on that day. Immediately when he arrived back home, he alarmed everyone to get back in their homes and stay in until the fog clears. 

A look of fear and seriousness on the boy's face was enough to convince them he was very likely telling the truth. All the men grabbed the hands of their spouses and children and ran back into their homes. And the Alexander did so too. Every door was locked. Every window was shut. He wanted this nightmare to be over and prayed every second that he was safe. The fog had cleared the very next day and things were slowly turning back to normal. The families of the victims mourned but didn't want to risk losing more people and possibly spilling more blood. Any call to a search party was immediately shut down and everyone went about their daily lives. The children who had been taken away were legally claimed "dead" as well as the missing occupants that aided Devereux.

The only piece of evidence to prove the existence of the creature was the young man's diary that had been found and archived many years later. Said diary was made to tell the story about a monster who caused the people to live in fear for years. They had claimed it was a witch and dubbed her the name "X". Her true name was never revealed or discovered. She had become a legend and speculation of her existence or what she looked like went on for decades due to any photographic evidence. All people had to go off of were assumptions. To this day, the tale is shrouded in mystery. A blur between "fiction" and "nonfiction". An urban legend passed down from generations. The names of a majority the other people from the village in the story seemingly were lost to time itself due to a lack of context and detail from Devereux's diary. That, and there being not much archived information about Brightwood in general. 

As insane as it sounds, I want to investigate the location where it all happened and get some answers if possible. I'll be sure to go prepared.

(To Be Continued)