#Date Night#
##Anon encounters a foxy lady##
==Fuck it, time for something short.==
>Shit! Shit shit shit!
>The sounds of footsteps were getting closer
>Your own ragged breath and heavy running pace all but drowning it out as you ran down the hall
>You were a fool
>A god damned idiot!
>How could you have been fooled by that sweet face?!
>How could you ignore the one thing you were told repeatedly before moving to an anthro town
>Rule 1, 2, and 3: NEVER go out alone during estrus season. Even when you think it's safe. Even when SHE tells you she's able to manage it
>Never, EVER, go out alone!
>And yet you were here.
>The note was flowery and pleasant
>Words and perfume worked their wonders on your mind as you met the mysterious girl alone in the office
>A confession. A bona-fide confession in this day and age.
>The meek fox girl seemed so nervous when she slipped it onto your desk before dashing away
>You though...you had hoped she was different. You were near the end of February so you thought you could be safe!
>And yet, you ran like you've never run before
>Your shoes squeaked along the floor as you rounded the corner
>You made a mistake
>You looked back
>Wide, feral eyes that locked onto yours
>A thick bushy tail waving behind her
>Naked except for a shredded shirt and stockings
>And running on all fours
>The secretary ran towards you as a literal beast
>You faltered, fear getting the best of you
>The ground came up to meet you, and you did your best imitation
>Instinct was ruling you, moving your hands to catch you
>You rolled and found your feet again, before turning and leaping into an office
>You thanked your lucky stars that the doors didn't need a key to lock from the inside
>You were so glad that the filing cabinet was easy enough to move
>These two formed the barrier between you and...that animal. That thing that was hunting you like
>"Little mouse~"
>A chill ran up your spine
>Your feet moved you away from the door as the voice called out again
>"Come outside, Little Mouse! I'm so hungry~"
>Your back hit the desk, and you didn't dare turn your eyes away from the doorway
>"Oh my sweet Little Mouse. My precious love! 
>A pause, before the sound of claws grinding against wood filled your ears
>"My d e l i c i o u s prey!"
>"Don't you want me? Aren't you interested in me as more than a friend?"
>Her eye peered through the gap in the blinds towards you
>It was somehow hungrier than before
>"Don't you WANT me like I NEED you?"
>The doorknob rattled once, then once again with more force
>"Let me in, Little Mouse. Let the vixen have her fun!"
>You couldn't stop the shaking
>You shook more as she bashed against the door
>"I promise you, I won't bite. I won't leave a mark on that pretty little head of yours."
>You thought about moving the desk as well, even as she was staring back at you again
>"However...that's only if you come out, my sweet Mouse."
>The doorknob turned a little more, the level dipping a little lower as she put her weight and wild strength behind it
>You were pushing the desk before you realized it
>The second bit of weight seemed to be what you needed as the rattling stopped
>"Only a matter of time, Mouse. You can't hide forever, you know."
>"Surely you had to know what you were getting into, right?"
>The doorknob snapped, and the door moved an inch with the items placed behind it
>You were pushing back against it
>Trying to keep it shut and ignore the laughter that filled the air
>You were pushing back
>And losing
>"You can't resist forever, anon. You're only human after all."
>The strength became greater
>"A perfect font of seed that can quench my heat. The perfect lover to warm my bed~"
>A sudden burst made you lose a few inches, and her muzzle pressed through
>Her tongue ran along its length as she looked at you through her claimed space
>"I can drain you dry, Little Mouse. Just eat you up and never get full~"
>Another inch
>"All night..."
>Two more inches
>"Every D A Y !"
>You scrabbled to press it closed gain
>Your own instinct was working with you, regaining space and forcing her to pull back her snout and go back to pushing
>No. No no no! You couldn't let yourself get trapped in there
>You dug in and pushed to keep that door closed
>You managed to gain another in ch back before she gave a wild cry
>Your progress was undone in an instant
>You were losing ground even quicker as her snout came through
>"I can smell your fear, Mouse. I can F E E L how desperately you want to keep me away."
>The desk's edge dug into your palms
>"I know you're frightened..."
>Four more inches
>"I KNOW you think I've become some sort of...monster, right Little Mouse?"
>Your shoes slid across the carpet, trying to gain any sort of purchase to put more of your own strength behind
>She was a full foot shorter than you, how was she THAT strong?!
>"But I really do love you, Little Mo- Anon. I really do care for you!"
>Her face slid more and more into the gap she made, eye meeting yours again
>"That's why I CAN'T let any of THEM have you!"
>"What they have is just baseline LUST!"
>Her entire head came through and your strength was failing you
>Please no
>Not like this...
>"They can't...they WON'T" love you like I can!"
>Her hands came to pry the door open, claws digging into the wood on both sides
>Her grin grew wider
>She knew she won
>"I swear, Anon Mouse, I will love you so well! I won't ever let you go-"
>Her eyes finally left yours as she looked behind her
>Rage and fear
>Despair and surprise
>She flashed through so many emotions in a second as something gripped her collar
>"What are YOU doing here?! Get awa-"
>She was yanked through the door and you manged to push it shut
>The sound of a struggle could be heard from the other side
>A new voice could be heard
>"I told you it was a bad idea! You're letting your instincts have the best of you!"
>"No!" the fox shouted, "It's meant to be! He wouldn't have COME otherwise!"
>More struggles
>Furniture crashed
>SOMETHING bashed up against the door, but there wasn't a secondary force
>You could hear the newcomer's voice shouting "Cool down and stop giving HR a reason to write you up!"
>The fox's wailing could be heard, along with grunting
>Then silence
>A pregnant pause, where you took your shoes off to get more of a grip in case the pushing started
>"It's okay, Mous." the new voice said, "She's zip-tied and can't get to you."
>A knock, in the rhythm of "Shave and a haircut" broke the tense silence of your nonreply
>"You can come out, Mous."
>You waited, for anything to happen
>No crashes against the door, no deranged laughing
>Just the sound of the fox whimpering in the background
>The desk came free easy enough, and the cabinet was righted in a second
>You tensely opened the door, and saw your boss sitting there
>She was in casual clothes, with some rope over her shoulder
>She looked at your face, before looking you over
>"Did she hurt you?"
>Aside from a need for new pants, no
>"Good. I'm going to leave your...admirer here until morning. So she can ride this out and think about what she's done."
>A pause
>"Or, at least TRIED to do." Then to her she added, "The damages are coming out of your check, by the way!"
>The fox's head hung in shame
>nothing but soft wimpers
>"Come on, Mous, let's get you home."
>The two of you walked in silence, making your way back through the halls
>As you eyed your scuff marks on the floor your boss looked around and sighed
>"Idiot girl. That's predators for you. They think they could just run down anything they want."
>You could barely believe you...wait how did she know you were there
>"You didn't notice that was my office? Security pinged and I was alerted. Looked on the camera and saw that shameful display."
>Her hand patted your shoulder
>"Seriously...trying to chase down a man like prey..."
>The grip tightened
>You saw a familiar hunger
>"After all. There's better ways than that."
>"Right?"