Vines wrapped around Mumei's neck, and with a sharp snap Mumei fell, a little blood trickling from the corner of her mouth, a bit from her ear. Fauna let out a small sigh of satisfaction. She loved hearing that sound. Under her skirt Fauna's cock throbbed, bulging her panties and tenting her skirt. She slid the tightening underwear down and removed the skirt, revealing her growing erection. Her bush was thick -all natural as it were- and her 30cm cock ended in thick foreskin. She pulled it back and inhaled the heady stench of unwashed cock, then put it to Mumei's cooling lips. Vines grew up from the floor and wrapped their way up the owl-girl, penetrating her ears and nose. Now her entire body looked like it was latticed with delicate green lace. Fauna stepped back and admired her handywork. Beautiful. Mumei's mouth opened, like a marionette, and tongue protruded out of her maw. Just underneath the skin throbbed vein-like vines, controlling the dead flesh. Fauna stuck the head of her cock in and the tongue went to work getting under the foreskin and lapping up all the smegma, polishing the doorknob-sized tip.

Fauna pulled back out then Mumei's jaw cracked, distended, widening in an inhuman way. Vines flipped the corpse over, useless limbs flopping around, until Mumei was on her back and her gaping mouth was level with Fauna's member. With no hesitation Fauna rammed her cock down the dead woman's throat, bulging the pipe so much that she could hear tendons snapping and flesh ripping.

Fuck! So tight! Fauna began bucking her hips, pelvis slapping against the Mumei's lifeless face. This was better than any sex toy Fauna had ever used! Pleasure overwhelmed her and Fauna let out a long loud low moan, cumming. Mumei's neck bulged further as cum flowed down Fauna's massive shaft and thick glue-like semen began filling her stomach, ballooning it to insane proportions. Grunting, howling, and thrusting like an animal Fauna couldn't stop. Soon the corpses belly was so bloated that it looked like some infernal pregnancy. One more shot, which caused the belly to churn, and Fauna pulled out. Thick cum began to flow out of Mumei's mouth, but vines quickly clamped the destroyed maw shut.

Mumei was flipped once more, this time turning her around and spreading her legs so Fauna was staring as her pussy and ass. She leaned forward and kissed the corpse's pretty little cunt. Before fucking the new holes Fauna knew she had to lube them and began to lick and suck, making out with the flesh of dead woman's genitals. Had Mumei been alive she may have even came, but her dead clouded eyes stared at nothing in particular.

When Fauna felt she was finished the vines lowered the corpse and Fauna once again animalistically forced her way in. Mumei's cunt ripped with the force, tearing and splitting to give way to the girth of the massive invader. Not even her cervix could impede Fauna's lust and it was torn open too until Fauna reached the depths of Mumei's womb. In this case Fauna went slower and took her time. She didn't want to burst the belly full of cum, however the tightness of the dead girls cunt constricted her cock much more than her throat and Fauna could barely restrain herself. She caught herself on the virge of pounding away several times, and stopped herself cumming several more. After the sixth time of edging in the corpse's pussy Fauna pulled out.

With her cock covered in precum, vaginal juices, and blood Fauna slammed into the Mumeo's tight asshole. The stomach of the corpse shuddered and Fauna knew what was coming, what she had dreamed of ever since she and Mumei met. Her mind turned only to lust as she thrusted hips, the corpse jiggling and sloshing like a waterskin. Leaning over Mumei's body like a stallion on a breeding mount Fauna clutched at the dead girls tits, grabbing so hard her nails sunk into the titflesh. She moaned and screamed in both pleasure and pain of the constrictive tightness of the the corpse's ass. Finally her entire body shuddered, a full body orgasm, and she ejaculated deep inside the Mumei's ass. The entire lower part of the corpses body churned as the viscous slime pushed up her intestines, then, destroyed every valve along the way, it passed into the already filled stomach. Minutes of ecstasy passed with Fauna emptying herself fully into the dead girl. Suddenly, a ripping sound filed the room and Mumei's stomach exploded in a gout of gore, blooded, and liters of thick cum. Seeing this, causing this, made Fauna feel amazing. Her entire body buckled and she slumped to the floor, passing out covered in cum, blood, gore, viscera, and vines.