#Sunny's Sweaty Tall Boy Encounter

Kel heard a knocking on his door just as soon as he started settling down from practice, with a tired look on his face hoping it was just a package being left so he could relax. Kel opened the door with a hunch in his back and a face reading that he was done for the day. As soon as Kel caught a glimpse of him beyond the door his eyes lit up, his back straightened, any resentment from having to open the door lifted and a smile, the same smile that had greeted him every time, took over his face. “Sunny!” Kel said with his arm stretched out now holding Sunny in a tight embrace, picking him up slightly, before loosening his grip and leaning into his face and kissing him on his lips just a bit longer than last time. “Well you came at perfect time, Hero and Dad are doing errands for like the next hour and Mom’s with Sally on a playdate so, I guess we got the house to ourselves at least for a little while” Kel said stuttering a little near the end out of embarrassment while Sunny’s ear turns a light red as he finished.
Sunny walked into Kel’s house, his eyes staring at his boyfriend as the home began to fog in his mind. ”Actually…” Kel paused a little in his words staring back at Sunny “I’m a little tired from practice so hope you weren't expecting too much fun.” Sunny’s ear turned a deeper red as his mind gave a thousand synonyms for ‘fun’, “n-no it’s fine.” Sunny said with a slight smile, “So how was your day Mi Pequeño Sol?” Sunny’s smile grew in tandem with ear’s hue becoming red and his cheeks finally succumbing “It was fine, how about you?” “Well…''Kel hung on his words as he stretched his arms, Sunny’s eyes darted toward his underarm taking note of how it glistened from practice in the light of the lamps.  “It was good, had fun at practice like always and,” Kel jolted a little as he remembered what he was planning on doing before the door was knocked upon, “actually let me go take a shower real quic-” “Wait!” Sunny yelled out just as Kel turned around to go to the bathroom.” I… had a bad day, I need cuddles to cheer up.” As soon as Kel heard those last words his eyes widened and uncontrollable “awww” escaped his lips just like whenever Hector whimpered. “Why didn’t you say so baby, come here? '' Kel walked over to the coach and lied down beckoning sunny to come too, Sunny’s smile showed through knowing he got what he wanted.
Sunny snuggled up to Kel on the couch facing his chest. Kel wraps his arms around , firm but gentle, and pulls him in close. Kel began to run his hand through Sunny’s hair waiting to see if he would start to talk about what got him down.Sunny nuzzled his face deeper into his lover’s chest taking slow but deep breaths through his nose, savoring each moment the familiar and loved scent entering his system.Sunny’s smile grew, he was comfortable, the scent worked almost to well as he felt his nether region begin to flare like he had taken an aphrodisiac, which to Sunny he just did. Sunny’s love of the sweaty boy’s smell wasn’t unnoticed by the boy in question as Kel’s eyebrow raised as he felt Sunny begin to drool a little bit. “Sunny? You alright?” Kel asked as he began to hold him looser and tilt head trying to see his face buried in his chest.”I’m more than ok,” Sunny replied with a voice sounding like he had melted, “Good to know he’s feeling better but.. Wait a minute he is breathing really weirdly oh crap what if something's up with him!” Kel jumped up as he thought left his mind making sure his Sunny was alright and all he saw was a smiling boy with a face covered in sweat. “Jeez.. I really should have showered, wait Sunny told me not to. I know he needed it quickly but does he?” A slam dunk went in Kel’s head. “Sunny?” “Yeah?” “Do you… “ Kel paused thinking if he should really be asking someone this, but Sunny is his boyfriend he should really know these things. “Find me hotter when I’m back from practice?” Sunny jolted up, splashing a tiny bit of sweat back at Kel, his ears turned a fiery red, the tell tale sign for Kel that he was right. “Sunny.. You could’ve just told me,” he said with a comforting smile. “But-but what if you,” Before Sunny could finish Kel pulled him in for a hug and a kiss on the cheek , “We’ve been dating for a while, if this stuff turns you on you can just tell me next time,” “you sure?” Sunny replied with a relieved tint, “Of course!” Kel said, continuing to pet and occasionally kiss Sunny.