Come `ere, 2317 Words,

„Hey, can you come over for a sec? And could you get me a drink while you are on the way too? “

It has been about two weeks since you have been living here with one of your Rock-crewmates, Xárian. You have known each other for about one and a half years already, ever since you joined “Lani-Enterprises” – a delivery service specialized in delivering and refurbishing oxygen tanks on various stations all around the sector. There was not much behind it, it was the usual work-buddy relationship, or at least you thought so. Both of you do however share a room on the ship, as work usually requires to spend multiple days in orbit at once. Xárian didn’t really mind though, somehow, he was quite welcoming to you compared to the other non-humans.

Work has been somewhat slow the past month already, so the crew is usually able to be dropped off on their home planet after finishing their shifts. As for you and why you decided to stay with the Rockmen? You are in the middle of moving, although some renovations are required before finalizing the process. Looking for a place to stay, Xárian must have overheard you talking about it and offered to crash at his place for the time being. “Are you sure about that?” you asked, getting a simple “Of course, I have one room free after my roommate moved back to Vrachos-IV quite a while ago” in return. “And I doubt that a human like you would cause much trouble anyways” he exclaimed afterwards. “Living with a Rockmen, well it’s certainly a change of pace for once” you thought to yourself.

“Coming” – You swiftly went to the kitchen, opened the fridge and grabbed a bottle from the side of the fridge labeled with his name, and advanced towards the living room where the Rockmen spend most of his free time in. As you stood in the doorframe, you noticed the charcoal-colored giant sitting on his evidently way too small of a sofa and reading up something on his holopad. He was quite big for a Rock-guy, most of them were looked more ‘muscular’ and not as ‘broadly’ build like him.

“Thanks, just leave it on the table” he voiced in his usual deep, but familiar voice while turning his head towards you. “Before you go, I’ve been wanting to ask you about something”, as he lowered his holopad to the side. You question him: “Sure, what’s up?” as the Rockmen goes on: “This may be a little bit of a surprise to you, but you have been living here with me for about two? weeks already.” He grumbles for a moment before he continues: “I’ve been having those… ‘urges’ for quite a while now, you know?”. “Urges, do you mean as in- “- as you get cut off by the Rockmen: “I want to mate with you”. 

…

“That’s… very direct of you, and why exactly are you asking me?”, you mumbled in a somewhat shocked expression. “Have you seen anyone else I hang around with? Besides, I haven’t been with my kind, or anyone in that matter for a long time already” the Rock calmly explained. “Yeah, now that you mention it. But I’m a human male!” – “Male, female, whatever it is, I’m fairly open minded about his. And by the way, I’ve been noticing that you’ve had your eyes on me ever since you joined the crew”. Somewhat calmed down you decided to ask: “How did you notic…”, as you are getting cut off by Xárian one again. “Sharing a room with you on the ship made it very obvious, but that doesn’t matter now. So, are you in?”. “… Ok. But I have never been with a Rockmen before. Are you sure it’s safe?”. Xárian relaxes his position, it looks like he’s somewhat relieved to that answer. “Don’t worry, I’ve read up on this stuff and it’s ok between us. Besides, with our immune system I won’t catch a common cold that easily.” – He continued: “I want to be honest: I have not been with a human before either, so thank you so much for giving me a chance to do this.”. He paused for a brief moment. “Shall we begin?”

You muttered shortly after releasing a stuck-up gulp: “Y… yeah sure”. “Alright then, let’s ease up the mood first” - Xárian proceeds to undress his sleeveless shirt, as well dropping his somewhat comfy but loose looking pants besides the sofa. 

This has been the first time that you have seen a Rockmen completely naked. The rest of his body retained the usual charcoal color, his torso-plates being surprisingly noticeable now that he took off his shirt. Yet, he didn’t look that much different from when he still wore clothes, the Rock’s rough angles and plates are still somewhat visible through any kind of outfit. You proceeded to somewhat awkwardly take off your own clothes in front of him. Sweater, shirt, pants, socks and lastly your underwear. “Judging from that pole of yours you’ve been waiting a long time for this moment huh?” “Is this right? A human and a different alien species even thinking about something like this?” – you thought to yourself. “Come here, take a seat!” - You decide to move your viewport up the giant:


/------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------/
Accompanying picture:
https://imgur.com/a/xlaMsWo
alt: https://is2.4chan.org/trash/1609157790688.jpg
alt: https://s1.desu-usergeneratedcontent.xyz/trash/image/1609/15/1609157790688.jpg
/-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------/

His orange-red’ish member was already grown to full size while you were undressing yourself, the two plates protecting his privates seem to have moved to the side to make room for it. He chuckled as he patted on the seat beside him: “You look like it’s the first time seeing an alien at all!”

You decide to follow his orders and take a seat, cuddling up beside him as he moved his left arm over your shoulder and pushed you closer to himself. It was weird at first… you expected Rock-kind to be chilly, but to your surprise he is pleasantly warm to the touch. His outsides also don’t seem to be made out of actual rocks, instead it feels just like really dense and stiff skin. You move your hand towards his upper torso and try to do a massaging motion for the best of your efforts. “See, ain’t that bad after all, is it?” -  Xárian begins to place two of his somewhat big fingers on your erected shaft. “May I?”, he asked calmly voiced, as you swiftly answered: “Of course” as you lean your head against his armpit.

He tried his best to go as slowly and gracefully while stroking you. “Does it feel nice? Should I keep going?” – “You are doing good, don’t worry about it”. You move your hand towards his belly region and guide yourselves towards his upper thigh one to two minutes later. You happen to notice his penis starting to leak some kind of fluid – presumingly precum, as well as having a faint throbbing motion in it.  “You have keen eye, don’t you? Go on, feel free to touch it.” He noted while you’ve been staring at it for quite some time now. You reach over his leg and place the base of his erection into the palm of your hands. 

To your amazement it radiated even more heat than the Rock himself. You ask yourselves if their kind always emit that much heat all the time? In any case, you slowly move your hand to the top, exploring every single ridge on the underside of his member. “You are… huge…” you sigh in relief. Even though both of you are a completely different species, it feels somewhat familiar, yet very alien. You tighten your grip as you keep stoking, spreading his precum all over his member in the process. You notice the occasional rumble coming out of him, Xárian must have been really pent up for quite a while already. “Is there something wrong?” you stop the motion and move your view at his face. “No, you are just doing too good a job down there. Please, I don’t want this to end already”. 

He easily lifts you back to the original position beside him and encloses your erection using his whole hand while working on it. “It’s been about two earth years already of someone else helping me out… I have been lonely here for quite some time, but I was lucky to find you and your tiny hands, human”. “No, I have to thank you. I would have never thought I’d get the chance for an opportunity like this… with a Rockmen. With you.” He replied: “I already had a feeling that you’d agree in the first place. All you humans are interested into exploring new things. It’s in your nature.” You tried to explain: “Well, I did read up a bit on your species biology and way of life, but I haven’t found anything towards sexual preferences”. The Rockmen tilts his head towards your face: “In any case, we are here right now. Just two guys enjoying a good time, don’t we?” You place your hand onto his hand that’s been stroking for quite a while now. “You are close already, right?” You tilt your head towards Xárian’s face and nod your head. Even though his facial expression is pretty much non-existent, you feel like he’s trying to grin back at you ever to slightly. “Alright them, I have an idea. Could you move to the floor for me?”

He raises his arm to release yourself from his grip and you move down onto the floor, with your back leaning against the bottom half of the sofa now. “What do you have in mind?” You ask while taking a peek at the giant lifting himself up. “I think I have something you’d enjoy even more, human”. The Rockmen starts shifting himself into position right in front of you. He goes into a bit of a squad and positions his now oozing erection in front of your face, his hands are placed on the seating behind your head to help support his own weight. "How about this?", he chuckled.

There it is, the Rock’s member is presented in your full-frontal view now, its scent already having filled up your nostrils. You cannot exactly put your finger on it, but it feels like a mix of ginger with a hint of something metallic. You stretch your arm out, place your hand just behind his genital slit and do a slight yanking motion to let him know to move closer. “Eager down there?”, as you grab his member and lift it upwards. The smell is stronger than ever, now you have only one thing in mind. You move your face towards the base of shaft, stick out your tongue and place it on the thick base of his shaft. You proceed to slowly make your way up his massive erection, slobbering up the fluids while moving up every single ridge up until the final one. You notice that the Rockmen is shuddering and chattering something to himself under his breath. “D… don’t stop” he stutters as you move yourself down again. This is just surreal. All of this, interspecies, so suddenly, so intriguing, is this a dream? You explore his erection some more, flinging your tongue across his across knobs, up and down. He may be big, but it seems like he is enjoying all of this mouth play just as much as you do yourself.

You tilt his shaft towards your mouth and suckle on the tip, while trying to slowly fit the giant inside yourself shortly afterwards. You notice Xárian legs trembling as he lets out another sigh of relief, letting out something indescribable in his mother tongue. You decide to pick up the pace, even though it’s massive you yet somehow manage to fit at least half his size inside you while he’s more oozing more precum than ever before. You notice clearly that his breathing has been getting deeper and faster all this time, now accelerating up even quicker. “Here…it…” All of the sudden he lifts one of his hands and slightly presses your face against his pulsating member. You feel a huge string of warm, thick semen shooting down your throat. Once, twice, thrice… you lost count already, all you remember is that this went on for what felt like an eternity.

Xárian started to move himself backwards, releasing his throbbing cock from the grasp of your mouth. He turns around and tries his best to gracefully take a seat right beside you, releasing a somewhat loud thump on the floor thanks to his weight. “Are you ok?”, he asked in a somewhat concerned voice, easily lifting you up onto himself and enclosing you with both his arms. You let out a few puffs: “Thank you Xa” – The Rockmen decided to cut you off once again: “Shush shush now. No, thank you. Just look at the mess you… we made; I hope I haven’t taken too much of a toll on you human.” “I handled myself just fine as you may have noticed.” You continued – “This was certainly something special, right?”

Xárian replies, in what must have been the calmest voice you’ve ever heard of a Rockmen speak: “Of course. And I was hoping we don’t just keep this as a ‘reminder’ for ourselves. Actually, I’m looking forward to keep you for myself human.” You twitch after hearing that sentence from him. “Keep… me? Are you implying that…?”

“Yes, I do. I never had an experience like this all my life, and I wouldn’t want to miss on the rest of it. With you.” Xárian lets out a final sigh as he rubs his head against yours - “Now let’s get ourselves cleaned up first”. He lifts himself up, turning you until you face him during the process, and locks his arms around you as the both of you make way to the shower…
