Original Story by: AzumiTheFlirt
 
Title: Watching and Wanting
 
Tags, sorted by character:
Tomboy delicious brown athlete childhood friend: Kissing, handholding, mild femdom, recognition of superior white genes, potential impregnation.
Overprotective rich black MILF: Voyurism, masturbation to taboo thoughts, appreciation for white culture and cock, embarrassment, blowjob, lipstick marking, taking BWC from behind, potential impregnation, mind-opening orgasm, shameful past.
 
Chapter list (Ctrl+F to easily jump between chapters)
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
 
==== Chapter 1 ====
 
Mrs. Wakada was not having a good day. She had poured her heart and soul into the corporation for nearly two decades. Three years ago, their brand had been the foremost in the field. Their stock had traded high and their costs had been at an all-time low. Now, with these riots and disease scares causing so much uncertainty, their stock price had tanked. Driving home from work, she could see from the highway the smoldering rubble that had once been one of the company's most successful franchises. Hundreds of thousands of dollars in damages, lost merchandise, and worst of all injured employees. Every night the news aired clips of thugs flaunting their stolen televisions, shoes, and hats. The company's costs were through the roof. Even with insurance, they could not afford to rebuild many of the lost franchises. Especially since the insurance companies now refused to underwrite such "dangerous" areas.
 
As she tore down the road in her purple Porsche 911, the executive listened to wise white men on talk radio. They were the only ones telling the real story about the damage these riots were doing to impoverished communities. The thugs would keep their loot. Everyone else would go without since few businesses would dare to reopen. That meant so many young black boys and girls would turn to crime for money, since they no longer had even the option to work. She had earned her way through community college by asking if customers wanted fries with that and writing essays for scholarship money. Yes, she had occasionally... well, in a time before cameras everywhere, she had performed at strip clubs. But that was completely different. Everything that happened there was voluntary. Maybe not entirely legal, but no one was getting hurt. And it had been such easy money... not that she ever wanted her daughter to find out. And Kimi never would, she was sure of it. The "Missy-W" who had worked the pole was no more. Mrs. Wakada was a respectable executive who always made time for her daughter's swim competitions, basketball meets, and gymnastic performances. She was a "cool mom" who was young enough to empathize with her daughter and her friends, while old enough to steer them away from bad ideas.
 
She shifted gears and changed lanes to get around some slowpoke in an eco-friendly compact car. The Fallen and Disabled Officers' Charity Ball donor sticker on her rear windshield would get her out of most speeding tickets. She had learned to drive on a broken-down old manual transmission, and never fully trusted automatics. Unlike almost everyone else on the road, she actually knew what she was doing behind the wheel. She actually thought about other people while passing them on the toll road. The rioters did not care about the harm they were doing to others. A decade ago she had learned all she needed to know about such hoodlums, when a man with the same black skin as her husband had stabbed him to death with a switchblade knife.
 
At least she still had her daughter. Kimi was not the most academically gifted girl, but she was full of energy and a terrific athlete. Every second Saturday they went to the gun range together. Mommy had her concealed carry permit because she was not going to let some thug steal her daughter like she had lost her husband. As she pulled into the gated subdivision, the powerful engine of her Porsche quieted from a growl to a purr. Mrs. Wakada nodded along with the white men on the radio. It was true. The thing that a black looter hated most was a successful black person, especially a successful black woman. By working hard and enjoying the fruits of her labor, she proved that their entire cause was false. Her parents had suffered under welfare for many years before breaking free, and they had raised her to be better. Coasting to a stop in the long driveway, she leaned her head back in the seat for a long moment and thought of her dear Herbert. If he could see their daughter now, he would be so proud...
 
Kimi was not just a talented athlete. She had also joined a robotics team at the school. She mostly just carried around heavy things and made promotional materials for the "BattleBots", but it was good experience. At least it kept her out of trouble. The mother's greatest fear was that her daughter would get caught up in a gang, start injecting heroin, and sell her body for drugs while doing a drive-by on some poor, innocent white family. Kimi had a good head on her shoulders, and she even had some nice white and Asian friends, but Mrs. Wakada could not help worrying. Her high heels clicked as she walked up the driveway while looking through the day's mail. She was home early today. A meeting had been shifted from physical to virtual before being canceled entirely. Instead of going to the front door, she walked around to the side and checked on the garden. Rosa's daughter had done such a good job with the flowers and tomatoes. She kept the house spotless too. The maid really was worth every penny. At least something was going right.
 
All she wanted to do was collapse on the couch. The house's side door silently unlocked when she waved her keyfob over the security scanner. She stepped onto the soft carpet and turned toward the stairs, ready to change out of her business suit and start decompressing. A short yelp of pain froze her in her tracks. She dropped the mail. Her hands moved as she had practiced countless times, drawing her custom SIG Sauer nine-millimeter from its concealed holster and holding it at the ready. That was Kimi's voice. Someone was hurting Kimi. Here. In her house. This had to be a nightmare. She kicked out of her high heels as quietly as possible and advanced down the hall barefoot. Her sweet little baby, who had just led the school's swim team to first place in regionals, was in danger. Mommy had a full magazine, three spares, and one in the chamber. Contrary to uneducated belief, a teeny-tiny gun actually imparted more recoil to the shooter. That was why she did not mind carrying around a hefty handgun with laser sights. No gun was too small, until you woke up into a nightmare, and then no gun was too big.
 
Another low moan came from the living room. Horrible scenarios flashed through her mind. Some fiend must have broken in. Maybe several. Mrs. Wakada checked over her shoulder. She needed to call nine-one-one, but the police were overwhelmed right now. Rioters and looters were everywhere, with so-called peaceful protesters giving them cover. Many cops had resigned in protest over how they were being treated by the politicians and media. It might be an hour before they arrived. Her daughter needed help now! Carefully she advanced, relying on what she had learned in self-defense classes. Her heart was pounding in her chest. Millennia of instinctive, tribal rage bubbled just beneath the surface, barely held in check by the civilized front she tried to hold together. She took a deep breath and peeked into the living room. What she saw shocked her more than she could ever describe.
 
 
==== Chapter 2 ====
 
"Don't stop!" Kimi moaned, sweat glistening on her dark skin. The scrunchies she used to tie up her hair were on the floor, letting those curly brown locks sway as she bounced up and down on the couch. Her strong arms held down a pale-skinned young man whose blue eyes had rolled back in his head. He clutched at one of her hands, thrusting upward as she rode him like the white stallion he seemed to be. On the coffee table next to them were his glasses, along with a powered-on laptop computer showing schematics and code for a robot. They certainly were not studying anymore, though. Kimi's breasts were all the way out of her sports bra, and her shorts were draped over one of the couch's arms. The dark-skinned athlete bit her lip and squeezed her eyes shut. "Don't stop, Darwin! I want this, I need this, I... I'm so glad I didn't let you use a condom!"
 
"Kimi!" groaned the young man. "I c-can't... I can't hold back much longer!" His distinctly Aryan features twisted from the strain. These two had clearly been at it for a while, judging by the sweat on their bodies and the clothes on the floor. What might have started as mere innocent touches, then affectionate kisses, had turned into primal passion. As usual, Kimi was giving a hundred-and-eleven percent.
 
"I know!" she sang. "I can't either! Oh, this is so good, so good!" Leaning down, she kissed him hard on the mouth. "We should have done this years ago, Darwin!"
 
"Kimi," he stammered. "You have to get off, I-"
 
"Already have!" she smirked, her hips moving like a piston.
 
"No, I mean you have t-to let me pull out!" Darwin squeezed her hand. "I c-can't cum inside you, we-"
 
"Yes we can, Darwin." She kissed him again, then sat upright and fully pinned him under her weight. "I want all that backed-up cum you've been hording while writing code and working on the 'bot." Her brown eyes twinkled. "I wanna drain your balls and feel it all inside me!"
 
If Mrs. Wakada had found three musclebound African men brutalizing her daughter, she would not have hesitated to shoot all of them dead, reload, and then make doubly sure. Her lawyers were already on speed-dial anyway. But the sight of her daughter straddling that kind-hearted white boy, who she had always thought was the most industrious member of the robotics team, was something she had never considered. Her Kimi, having premarital sex, like one of those savage looters? This had to be... her Kimi wouldn't... somehow Darwin must have convinced her to... or maybe he was blackmailing her... and then she... a trick... Kimi was a good girl... No matter how hard Mrs. Wakada tried to keep the thoughts out, she could not help but remember how good it had felt when all those white men's eyes were lustily devouring her body as she spun around a pole. They had all tipped quite well too. Even though it had been many years, she could still remember the feeling of those white hands sliding dollar bills into her garter. The dollar bought a lot more back then. Shaking her head, she tried to clear her mind. "Missy-W" was gone, and Mrs. Wakada had tried to raise her daughter to be better than that!
 
While she felt a little ashamed at the thought, the single mother could not help but notice how thick and hard this young white man's erection was. Surely it was the adrenaline rushing through her body, but she felt a tingle of lust in her loins. For so many years she had looked for a good black man to... not to replace her husband, but to serve as a father figure for Kimi. Sadly, it seemed all the good ones died young. The executive had to settle for being the "cool mom" for all the kids. In order to set a good example for her daughter, she had... well, denied certain urges. It was just the memories and the intensity of the moment, that was all. She had been so afraid. Mrs. Wakada took a deep breath and tried to calm down. Why, compared to what she had feared was happening, this was almost adorable. No! No, she had to put a stop to this. No boy should treat her Kimi so... not even a white boy... even though it looked like Kimi was making all the demands...
 
"But Kimi, I- if you get pregnant, I-" The young man squeezed her hand. "I'll take responsibility, but I'll h-have to leave school and get a job, and-"
 
"The hell you say!" growled the dark-skinned girl on top of him. Sweat trickled down her muscles as she continued to move her hips.
 
Fear once again flashed through Mrs. Wakada's mind. Was Kimi thinking of an abortion? That was the true killer of the black community. More black babies were "terminated" by selfish mothers each year than were born into loving families. Even during the worst times of slavery, such horrors had not been imagined. The unborn then at least had a dollar value as future slaves. Now they were worth more as parts, scraped from the inside of a woman's womb by cold metal and sold for medical research.  Worse, to kill a black baby was terrible, but if the father was white... somehow that seemed even more of a sin. Had she failed so badly as a mother that Kimi would think to do such a thing?
 
"If you knock me up, Darwin," the athlete panted. "I'm gonna tell mom all about it!" She kissed him again, her hips moving more slowly as she tried to draw out the pleasure and break his will to resist. "I'm gonna tell her how good you are to me, and how hard you work, and how you never let me pay for everything when we're out having fun together even though I have a credit card and you don't." Her black fingers stroked his blonde hair. "I don't care that your family isn't rich, or that you're a nerd and I'm a jock. Y'know the only thing that matters to me, huh?"
 
"The heart?" he asked in a whisper, hugging her close. He was such a sweet boy.
 
"No, idiot! This big white cock of yours!" She bit his earlobe and moaned, her back arching as they writhed together.
 
Mrs. Wakada could only stare at that pale shaft slamming into her daughter's eager entrance. White balls slapped rhythmically against her dark skin. The two's moans sounded almost like a song. Slowly, the single mother slid her pistol back into its brown leather holster. She bit her lip, trying to resist, but found her fingers loosening her belt. The skirt was too easy to lift. She tugged down her leggings and underwear as the urge became nigh overwhelming. The smell of young lust was too much for her. While she had no illusions of being a spring chicken, like her strong and spry daughter, Mrs. Wakada had taken good care of herself and avoided most of the dietary traps that ruined black women's bodies. Her blouse came unbuttoned, and she pinched at a hard nipple while thrusting two fingers deep inside herself. On so many nights she had shamefully masturbated, sometimes with a silicon aid or something that ran on batteries, but only to repress her needs. This was different.
 
She had always wanted the best for her daughter, but in this selfish moment Mrs. Wakada wished it was her needy body that Darwin was holding close on the couch. He was a nice boy, always well mannered and kind to others. So helpful, too, especially when she was feeling overwhelmed as a chaperone on a school trip or a robotics team meet. Always she had thought of him as a kind-hearted boy, but the mature white man who her daughter was ravishing and being ravished by on the couch was proof that he was all grown up. The single mother stared at that throbbing shaft, heard her daughter squeal with delight, and felt absolutely wretched with envy. She wanted to feel that white stallion between her legs, and hear him say he would gladly fill her needy womb with white seed! Her knees nearly gave out at the thought. What would usually take her an hour and some scented candles to reach now seemed right at her fingertips.
 
Leaning against the wall, she clamped her mouth shut to hold in her moans. Not that the two on the couch would have heard. They were lost in each other's embrace. Darwin's hands squeezed Kimi's butt or groped her breasts, while the athlete's refused to give him even a hope of escape from her powerful thighs. She had crossed her legs beneath him, locking his waist in place, and her tongue curled around his as though it was some kind of wrestling championship. Mrs. Wakada could not hold back a pang of jealousy. She knew how those protesters must feel when they saw her drive past in her Porsche. Mrs. Wakada finally realized, as her thumb circled that sweet spot, that she had not failed as a mother. All her life she had tried to embrace success, tried to... well, to be more like a white man, but her daughter had taken it to the logical conclusion. Darwin had even said he would put his own career on hold if Kimi conceived, even though she was the one holding him down and demanding he cum inside. Again and again that thick white pillar slammed upward. Each thrust had to be molding Kimi, shaping her daughter more perfectly to please only him. Mrs. Wakada's tongue flicked out, sweeping back a trickle of drool as she slid down the wall. Her fingers moved frantically.
 
"Darwin!" Kimi moaned her lover's name. "C'mon g-genius," she commanded. "Let's cross the finish line... together!" The white man grunted in response. He was in good shape, but Kimi was a champion swimmer and ace basketball player. She was wringing him dry like no pampered, spoiled white girl ever would.
 
Mrs. Wakada squeezed her eyes shut. The image of that thick white shaft, coated in her daughter's juices, was burned into her retinas. It was all she could do to hold back her own moans as her daughter screamed in orgasm. She could almost feel each shot of cum shooting into Kimi's needy womb. Black girls were so very fertile. Her daughter had done a good thing, a very good thing. The executive understood now. All that mattered in life was finding a good white man, pleasing his big white cock, and bearing him half-white children. As she accepted this fact, the mother felt her back arch, and she greedily welcomed her own orgasm. This was only a faint shadow of the bliss her daughter was feeling right now, but it felt so good. Drool trickled from the corner of her lips and onto her business suit. Her skirt was creased and splotched by natural lubricant. She had torn her blouse in her haste to get it open. None of that mattered. All the executive could think about was how much she hoped that Kimi would become pregnant, would proudly carry that half-white baby... or maybe twins... and would give her grandchildren with good genes.
 
 
==== Chapter 3 ====
 
"I... love you... Kimi." Darwin kissed her gently as they cuddled together on the couch. The dark-skinned girl trembled in his arms, more worn out by their afternoon exertions than a whole week of sports. The feisty, dominant girl was now a tender, mallable wreck. Even so, she still refused to let him pull his softening length away. His seed and her juices oozed from her slit and dribbled off his scrotum, staining the couch. When he had enough air to speak, he added, "I think... I think I've loved you since the first day we met."
 
"You mean..." she panted, a grin of feral satisfaction on her face. "When I stole your lunch money?"
 
He laughed. "I... I still have that backpack. Do you still have it too? The... the green one?" A case of mistaken property that had blossomed into a beautiful friendship.
 
"Yup. They still look just the same." She snickered. Moving one of his hands to her belly, she added, "Wouldn't it be great if we had twins? We'll have most of their school supplies already."
 
He hugged her close. "If... if that's what you want." His voice was determined, but not enthusiastic. "They're always hiring at the factory." His parents worked in the vast industrial zone on the outskirts of town, as did some of his siblings. Even Darwin had picked up odd jobs sweeping metal shavings from shop floors or crawling into small repair ducts when the family needed a little extra money.
 
"Yeah, until your robots make human workers obsolete." She kissed him again. Her tongue curled around his, but she let him win this time. "Don't worry. You're going to university. Even if I have octuplets. I swear it." The athlete pushed herself upright and grinned down at him. "You... you never would have let me get your pants off if you didn't trust me, would'ja?"
 
"I don't think I've ever been able to keep you from getting what you want, Kimi."
 
The muscly black girl winked. "Damn straight. Nerd." Sitting upright again, she stretched her arms and yawned. "Not even lying, Darwin, that felt amazing. I-" Her half-lidded eyes popped wide open as she heard a stifled cough.
 
In the corridor, Mrs. Wakada held a sticky hand over her mouth. She had not meant to cough, but the air was a little dry and she was out of breath. When she tried to stand upright and get away, she collapsed back onto the carpet. Her cheeks now red, she tried to crawl away but her skirt and pulled-down leggings tangled up. Accidentally bumping her head against the wall, she wriggled like a worm on a hook for a second before a long shadow fell over her. Mrs. Wakada swallowed hard, then reluctantly looked up. Kimi stood in the doorway, sweaty and trembling. Cum oozed down her inner thighs, and her breasts were still out of her top. She held the Mossberg 500 that they kept under the couch in her nervous hands. Behind her, missing his pants but with his polo shirt barely covering his groin, was Darwin. He had grabbed the fireplace poker, and looked both terrified enough to piss himself and determined enough to bludgeon anything that threatened her daughter. An embarrassed grin spread across the mother's face.
 
"Kimi," the executive said quietly. She still could not quite look her daughter in the eyes.
 
"Hi... hi mom." The athlete gulped nervously. Suddenly she seemed a lot less confident than a few moments ago, when she had bragged about telling her mother she was pregnant. "We... I... um..."
 
Mrs. Wakada sat upright and tried to straighten her clothes. Reaching up, she took her daughter's hand. "I'm proud of you, Kimi. I'm so very, very proud." Both blinked back a few tears. "I... I'm sorry that I ruined the moment. I just..."
 
For a few seconds, Kimi struggled to process why her mother was half-naked, and why her fingers were sticky. Then the athlete thumbed the shotgun's safety, slung it over her shoulder, and squeezed her mother's hand. "It's okay, mom. I'm... I'm sorry I didn't... talk to you about this."
 
Darwin adjusted his glasses and tried not to look at the mature woman's bare breasts or spread legs. Mrs. Wakada was sort of the "team mom" for the robotics group. She had even bought them a new CNC mill and 3D printer. Everybody was happy to see her at a meet-up, especially when she wore one of those short skirts and had her hair up with pins. She could keep up with their energetic innovations, unlike sour old Mrs. Finkleberg who always complained about how expensive everything was and that they should all be getting real jobs as accountants or enlisting in the military instead of trying to make robots. He gripped the fireplace poker with both hands, uncertain what exactly to do. "Hello, Mrs. Wakada. I'm... um... did you hear..."
 
"Every word, young man."
 
Darwin gulped nervously. "I... I meant what I said, I can... um, the factories are always hiring for the night shift, and I-"
 
She waved a hand. "That won't be necessary. I am sorry for startling you two. I have just been under so much stress at work lately. It was rather too easy to let my desires run away with me." Looking up at her daughter for a moment, she winked. Kimi blushed scarlet. Whenever her mother winked like that, it meant she was up to something. It was the same kind of wink she used at work when she was about to take someone for all they were worth in the boardroom. "I have devoted much of my life to making sure my daughter is raised well. I would be honored to do the same for the children of an upstanding young white man like yourself." She squeezed her daughter's hand and nibbled at her lower lip. "All your children, Mister Darwin Finch."
 
With a bit of shyness, Darwin put an arm around Kimi's waist. "I'll treat her right. I promise."
 
"I know you will." The mother ran her tongue over her lips. She could see he was starting to stiffen again beneath that shirt, and he could not keep his eyes off her bare breasts no matter how hard he tried. But, this was a decision her daughter had to make. Kimi leaned her head to the side, silently asking. Mrs. Wakada nodded slowly, feeling the years melt away. As Kimi leaned back to whisper something in her lover's ear, "Missy-W" shook out her hair and put on a touch of fresh black lipstick. Maybe she would order a bit of sparkly purple gloss the next time she called her Mary Kay girl, for old time's sake. Darwin swallowed nervously and shook his head, whispering something back to her daughter. He was so sweet, but that bulge under his shirt told all.
 
"No, idiot," Kimi giggled, playfully slapping him on the head. "I'm serious!"
 
His face was sheet-white. "Kim, I'm trapped with two heavily armed black women. I'm terrified enough, please don't play with my heart too!" He clutched the fireplace poker in both hands, knuckles turning as pale as his face.
 
"It's not your heart we want to play with, Darwin," cooed the executive as she crawled forward. "But your heart is what's gotten you this far." She leaned her head against his shirt. "I... I understand if you're not interested in an old crone, though."
 
"It's not that, Mrs. Wakada, you're beautiful! And all the guys say that... I mean, um... well, y-you have that really nice car, and it sits really low, so when you wear those t-tops that sort of show off your cleavage and you drive up, um..." He swallowed nervously, glancing over at Kimi. "But... um, I'm... Kimi and I are... are we dating?"
 
"I dunno, last Friday night when you were screaming in terror and hugging me for dear life while we rode every rollercoaster in the park felt kinda like a date to me." The athlete hugged him from behind, while her mother continued to nuzzle at the cotton over his groin. "Even if you were a moron about it. I kept telling you I'd pay for everything, but you had to be a dunce and insist on saving up for a month so you could go."
 
"I... I... um..." He tugged at the collar of his polo shirt. "Kimi, I... I love you, and I..." He shut his eyes tight. "I won't cheat on you! I promise! S-so please stop this test!"
 
The executive giggled. "He really is too sweet, Kimi. Are you sure you're okay with this, though?"
 
"Mom." The athlete hugged her white man from behind, and he stiffened even further. "I've seen your dildo collection, OK? I just wanted to borrow a twenty, and you always keep some cash in the dresser drawers, but I pulled open the wrong one." Kimi giggled at the expression of horror on her mother's face. "Don't mind Darwin. You wouldn't believe what I had to do just to get him to kiss me last Friday night. Not only did we have to ride that boring Ferris wheel, and I had to listen to him talk about what an engineering achievement the first Ferris wheel was all the way up, I couldn't get him to look in my direction until we were at the very top."
 
Blushing red, Darwin muttered, "I... d-didn't you think it was romantic, Kimi?"
 
"Very romantic indeed, Darwin," observed the mother as she nuzzled against his shaft with only a bit of clothing between her black cheek and his throbbing white manhood. "I'm sorry my daughter doesn't appreciate such things."
 
"Ugh!" groaned the athlete. "Anyway, mom, I know you need this. And Darwin's a giver." She ran a hand down his chest, lightly groped his erection through the polo shirt, then yanked the covering up. Her mother stared in awe at the thick, throbbing white shaft. Bits of cum and lube still clung to the head. "So yeah, I'm A-OK with being a team player." She nipped at his earlobe again. "You ready for this, nerd?"
 
There was only one response a red-blooded young white male could give. He carefully set the fireplace poker down on the carpet, then took the hand of the woman kneeling in front of him. "Mrs. Wakada, I... I'm honored."
 
She ran her tongue up his shaft. He moaned in desire, then gasped as she sealed her lips around his tip. After a few seconds of teasing and licking, lapping up his cum and tasting her daughter's juices that still covered his length, she pulled back and grinned. "Call me Missy-W, Darwin. And it's my honor. You and this big white cock of yours deserve the very best!"
 
 
==== Chapter 4 ====
 
After that, there was no need to say more. Missy-W's skilled hands stroked and squeezed, making sure to heft his balls and feel the seed churning inside. Kimi kissed him, pushed his back against the wall, and ran her fingers through her mom's hair. While the two youths tongue-wrestled, the older woman sucked his big white cock deeper and deeper into her mouth. Darwin hugged Kimi, daring even to squeeze her butt as they kissed, and rested his other hand on her mother's shoulder. It wasn't long until the virile young man blew another thick load right into Missy-W's mouth. He would have collapsed on the floor if Kimi did not hold him up while giggling.
 
"Damn, Darwin," she snickered. "You didn't cum that fast for me!"
 
"S-Sorry, Kimi," he stammered. "I... um... I..."
 
Missy-W licked a bit of escaped seed off her finely manicured nails and grinned up at her daughter. "It's all in the wrist and tongue, dear." With a little help from the two lovebirds, she stood up and hugged them both against her bosom. "Don't worry, Darwin. I'll teach her."
 
A shiver ran down the white boy's spine as he leaned against those heavenly soft breasts. "Um... I'll be honest, Missy-W, that worries me even more!"
 
The executive laughed, shrugging her sports coat all the way off and letting her stained skirt drop onto the floor. Somewhere along the way her leggings had ripped. Oh well. With a light push, she urged the two back into the living room. "As it should, young man. I have great expectations, very great expectations indeed!"
 
Kimi smiled, hugging her mother tight as they walked together. She was not always the best daughter, but she tried to take care of her mom. This was something both of them really needed. As she eased Darwin back onto the couch, and her mother slid right into his lap, she rolled her eyes and nibbled at his earlobe. "Don't even think about condoms," Kimi advised as her mother began stroking his half-hard shaft.
 
"I... really?" he swallowed nervously. There was a lot of need pent up in the young man, and these two seemed determined to squeeze it all out in one day. "You mean that, you weren't just saying it to-"
 
"Well," Missy-W said with a sly grin. Her dark skin rubbed against his, and with so much of her body bare he could see what all the boys had longed to... and a lot more! "My daughter might have exaggerated a bit. Her studies should come first, you know. No rush, and all that." She cupped his chin and kissed him, her back pressing against his front and her soaked entrance rubbing against his shaft. "But, dear boy, my clock is running short. Would you take pity on a poor old woman whose only child is about to leave the nest?" Her lipstick had left black marks all up and down his shaft. She planted another right on his cheek as she continued to tease him back to full hardness with her hips. Darwin stammered something affirmative, then lost the ability to speak when she kissed him full on the mouth. While Kimi was an eager but inexperienced kisser, treating it as a show of dominance, the experienced mother was much more seductive. She teased his tongue into her mouth, moaned appreciatively as his hands cupped her breasts, and left lipstick marks all over his face and neck.
 
Within minutes he was rock-hard again, and giving her yet another reason to be thankful for the virility of young white men. He thrust into her from behind as they both slumped longways on the couch, groping her breast and holding her leg. "That's right!" she encouraged. "Right there, keep going!" This was the first time since her husband was stolen away that she had felt a man inside her. Good men were so hard to find. He was a hard man too, such a good find! "Oh, Darwin, I... you've grown up so much!" His cheeks blushed with embarrassment, but that didn't stop him from thrusting deeper and deeper. Kimi had been tight and demanding, always setting the pace. Her mother was soft where it mattered, and had a deceptively strong squeeze. Each time he thrust in she welcomed him, and each time he tried to pull out she clenched like a sopping wet vise.
 
Kimi returned from upstairs, holding something behind her back. First she leaned over the arm of the couch and kissed Darwin on the cheek. Then she walked around to the front with a mean grin. "Now, mom, I think we need to have a talk." The older woman moaned, her eyes glazed with lust. "No, not about my credit limit. Y'see, it's not very nice to spy on people. You don't like it when I do it to you." The athlete held up an odd grey wand in one dark hand. With a bit of a flourish, she let the long power cord drop to the floor. "You make a lot of nose when you're using this, so I think you probably like it." Horror filled her mother's face as she realized her daughter had heard what she did on lonely nights. For how many years had Kimi known? "As punishment for spying on me and Darwin..." She plugged the wand into the wall and flicked a switch. It began to buzz menacingly. While Missy-W tried to squirm away, the eager young white man had her in his clutches. Kimi knelt next to the couch and lightly traced the vibrating wand up her mother's inner thighs, then touched it to her clit just as Darwin thrust deep inside.
 
Her eyes shot open, her back arched, and her toes curled. Kimi snickered as she teased the wand against her mother's entrance. Darwin groaned as she squeezed even tighter. He quickened his pace and bravely groped the mature woman's body, while Kimi mercilessly applied the wand wherever she thought it would do the most good. Missy-W dug her nails into her daughter's arm hard enough to draw blood, and clawed at the back of Darwin's head as she held the white boy close for a long kiss. He held her tight, hilting himself deep inside as she wrung every last drop of seed from his balls. Her climax was even more explosive than she had imagined, aided by her daughter's ministrations and Darwin's exhausted yet valiant efforts. Any doubts about her choice were washed away by a flood of pleasure as his seed gushed into her womb. For all her life she had tried to be successful, like the white man, but at last she had realized the ultimate truth. She could never be like the white man, but she could be bred by the white man. The children he gave her, and the grand-children Kari would give her with him, were her responsibility. His duty was to sire them, she to care for them. There was no higher calling than to help him breed eager wombs with his white seed. As she accepted this with a last, longing kiss on his lips, Kimi leaned in and pressed her lips against theirs as she thumbed the vibrator to maximum.
 
Adrift in an ocean of sensation, Mrs. Wakada felt his big white cock throbbing inside her. This was what she had needed all these many years. It was what she had felt when she was on the stage performing for white men who put their generous contributions toward her college fund into her garter. Kimi was such a smart girl, to figure this out all on her own, but then again she had been raised well. As the peak of orgasm faded into the bliss of afterglow, and the two dark-skinned women's tongues finally let go of the exhausted white boy's, Missy-W also faded. Not into oblivion, but back into her place behind the mask that Mrs. Wakada had made for herself. The old memory of a college-age girl making a little extra on stage in a feather boa, leopard-print stockings and gloves, and all the other tripe she had worn... well, it had been a different time, with different fashions. Missy needed a new look. As the exhausted executive drifted off to sleep in her white man's arms, she saw herself on all fours, worshiping his big white cock while wearing little more than platform heels and a collar with a leash. Oh, and he wasn't putting money in her garters. Heavens no! She would be the one to "make it rain" as the kids these days said. Maybe she would even start paying him to let her suck those balls dry... at the very least she would have to... some kind of stipend for his semen donations... she yawned heavily.
 
Kimi switched off the vibrator with a smirk. She set it on the coffee table next to his laptop and glasses. "You really filled her up, Big D." She giggled. "Guess I'm gonna have to start callin' you that now, huh?"
 
He was too exhausted to answer at first. Finally, he managed to say, "I... Kimi, this is... it's all way too much."
 
She rolled her eyes. "What'cha mean?"
 
"I... K-Kimi, you know you were my first... and now I've..." He hugged her mother gently. "Do you know how many guys would kill me if they found out?"
 
The athlete grinned. "Yeah. Just wait until she lets you drive the Porsche to prom." Stretching her arms, she squirmed onto the couch behind her lover, sandwiching his white body between two sweaty black ones. "It's okay, Darwin. I... I kinda owe you a lot for this." She giggled at the befuddled look on his face. "Listen, mom... mom does a lot for me. I know one of the reasons she never remarried is... well, she couldn't find the right guy. Not because she didn't like any of them, because... well, because I usually couldn't get along with her dates, and she was really worried about my happiness." Kimi kissed him right on one of the black lipstick marks her mother had left. "So if she thinks you're OK, really OK, it's gonna be a load off her mind."
 
He took her hand and gently squeezed it. "But... that stuff about... about getting her pregnant. Was that all just... I mean... you know?"
 
Kimi kissed him again. "I've always wanted a brother. I guess a half-brother is OK too. And if he turns out like you, well, he'll go far." She gestured to the television, which had been on mute for a very long time. Part of the city was on fire. The arsonists waved Black Power banners and held up signs demanding that all white men be killed. They looked uncomfortably like an invading army of vandals to Darwin's eyes. "I don't think we're gonna solve any problems doing things their way. But this way... this way feels right to me." She snuggled against him from behind, wrapping her arms around him and her mother. "I love you, Darwin. Just don't go spreading it around, OK? Wouldn't want anybody to think I'm going soft."
 
He felt her hard abdominals, splotched with just a bit of his cum, and modest breasts press against his back. "You're as hard as they come, Kimi." Her mother began snoring gently in their arms.
 
"And don't you forget it, nerd." She shut her eyes and pillowed her head on the cushioned arm of the couch. As the two dozed off together, Darwin's forgotten laptop silently powered down. Outside the locked house, beyond the fence and further even than the wall of the gated community, the slums of the city burned as looters rioted. Yet further out than that, even more smoke rose from the factory stacks as honest laborers continued the work of their forefathers.
