the blood child


 do you guys remember that one sonic flash game? because its was my favorite game i ever played but something its gets a little buggy sometimes like how i completed a zone it will say the blood child is rising and i don't know why it in the game and there was some rumors like how people got killed from this game and the body's of the victim were skinless with a puddle of their own blood and those rumors cause the game bring deleted from the website and i have my experience of the game with the screenshot with it.

it was all started when im playing my games on this flash website then i go to the search bar and typed sonic and it show a few sonic flash games but others are somehow not sonic related, i picked a sonic game and its called sonic 3 numen i clicked on the game it showed the classic into of sonic 3 but something is off, there is no death egg nor there are knuckles, its just sonic then i started the game i have to pick a character and it already strange because its only sonic so i picked sonic and now playing in green hill even through this is sonic 3, i was playing badly like getting hit by badniks and spikes and i passed the level then im back at angel island somehow. at angel island act 1 i was playing great until the bonus stage, i cant pick up those blue spheres but i always be in the reds instead. i got almost passed by the extra life box, i got 4 lives now and i passed the zone until something creepy happens. the zone title card is just said "the blood child" like supposed to happen or this a creepy easter egg. and im back at green hill but i can't move 
i can't jump until a giant text starting to appeared its said the blood child is rising.  i can run now then slowly a red head is coming up in the background and the head have scribbles for eyes and a mouth like its crying or something, while i was running the badinks look corrupted and the ground look deadly and i was right because there were new enemies that look a person but their skins are gone but when i hit them and they fell into the red ground. i trying to pass this level but there are something to stop me, i was almost there of the level until it teleported me to a black void and i can't move again then a giant red hand was underneath me and clench its hand, the same red head start to be appeared, the head told me to sacrifice my soul, i typed no and he got mad then opens his mouth and theres a hundreds of hands coming out of his mouth then im in a level but level looks strange like there are eyes everywhere and the spikes look so humanlike, i trying to find my way of this level but its just disturbing to see and i found the special ring but its was gone fast like someone don't went me to use it,  later on i found the goal sign and i was trying to get it but i was teleported to the same void. the head appeared in the void and the head was angry and he summoned his red hand then was about to kill me with the giant red hand until i dodge the hand and jumped on it. i started running to the head and to spindash towards his head. my spindash was very fast somehow then the blood child head bursted open, its was a shower of child's blood and guts i heard so many screams of people who died from this game then the flash website closed off my tabs, and im trying fine but it was gone forever until i checked my emails i found the same flash website announcing their shutdowns. 

aftermath: i told everyone about my story but they won't believe me and i try to convince them, they still don't believe me. 

the end
