#Workplace Tease
Y/N watches Hero skate with a tray of food in his hands moving about the skate ring. Y/N wasn't sure about this job, but seeing Hero in a crop top, skirt and thigh highs made his worries go away. Hero would always tease Y/N whenever he knew he was there, he would “accidentally” drop something and pick it up giving Y/N a full view of below his skirt, whispering things into his ear or talking about sneaking his uniform back home and then having fun with it on. Hero finished bringing the order, putting it down on the table with the customer deciding to stroke Hero’s cheek a little with him saying something Y/N couldn’t hear what they were saying , but despite knowing it comes with the job, it still stung a little thinking of what they could be saying. Hero skated over to Y/N “You doing alright baby?”  Y/N sighed “Y-yeah I’m doing alright.” Hero gave a smile and gave him a kiss on the forehead. “Next time I go to the bathroom, follow me after a minute ok?” Y/N blushed, getting nervous thinking about what he was planning. Y/N eyes kept following Hero, like he always would, but he was on edge the entire time, nervous about what he was planning. Y/N saw Hero enter the men’s bathroom, him giving a little wink as he entered, Y/N mind filled with worries of which time would best to go in to not draw suspicion on them.Two minutes had passed since Hero entered the bathroom and Y/N decided it was now or never, he left his food behind and walked to the bathroom nervously checking around him to make sure no one was watching him. Y/N saw Hero had put an out of order sign out front which somehow made Y/N both more calm and more nervous.

   Y/N walked into the men’s room to see Hero checking his phone, before looking up to see him. “Took you long enough,’ Hero said playfully before giving Y/N a little stroke on the cheek. “S-so what are we planning to do?” Y/N asked nervously with Hero responding with a smug grin before grabbing his, “just follow me for a sec!” Hero brought Y/N to the other wall and put his back to the wall, “Hero are you sure we shoul-'' before he could finish, Hero bagan to grind his ass on his crotch. “H-hero! Shouldn’t we at least go into a stall!” Hero looked back, still rubbing his hips up and down, “It’s no fun being cramped up in a stall besides, that’s why I put the out of order sign.” Y/N still looked worried , but feeling Hero’s cheeks rub on his crotch melted his worries away. Y/N felt his penis start to harden, beginning to be rubbed between Hero’s buttcheeks. Hero saw Y/N face begin to blush, Hero decided to push it further to get his face to get even cutter. Hero stopped grinding before spreading his cheeks and rubbing Y/N’s cock tip on his asshole. Despite being through two layers of clothing he could still feel Hero’s asshole enveloping the tip of his cock.Hero moved his hips back and forth, letting Y/N’s dick’s tip almost penetrate him, starting to feel a little precum. Hero decided to take it to the last level, Hero pulled back and pulled his underwear down. Y/N instinctually unbuckled his pants and pulled down his underwear to show his dick as hard as it could. Hero once again spread his cheeks and backed onto Y/N’s dick, letting his cheeks go to wrap around his dick. Y/M felt his cock being wrapped by Hero, tight, wet and feeling better than anything before. Hero started to slowly move back and forward on Y/N’s dick, starting to moan a little, feeling it rub against his prostate.Y/N felt Hero’s press against his waist as he reached deeper and felt his entire cock squeezed by his tight,wet boyhole.Y/N decided to take the initiative and grabbed Hero’s chest, squeezing his nipples between his finger before beginning to thrust.Hero moaned feeling his ass being clapped by Y/N’s waist, being held in his waist and chest. Y/N pulled Hero closer smelling his hair while his dick was getting as deep as possible with every thrust.Y/N wanted to hold Hero like this forever, his body warming his stomach and chest in contrast to his back still on the cold bathroom wall.  Hero let out a loud moan before Y/N put his hand over his mouth, a finger going into his mouth. Hero came onto the floor,trying to moan through Y/N’s hand. Y/N reached his fastest thrust feeling the cum beginning to pump up his cock.Y/N tried his hardest not to moan , gritting his teeth in the process, as he pumped Hero full of his seed. Hero felt his ass fill up to the point it had already begun leaking onto the floor as Y/N felt his balls getting drained like a sink full of soapy water finally having the plug pulled. Y/N still held Hero close even though he had finished before catching his breath and finally letting go. Hero pulled himself off his dick, his cum leaking out onto the bathroom floor. Hero caught his breath, “y-you’re gonna have to clean that up,” he said with a small smug smile. Y/N sighed beforeHero pulled him into a french kiss as sorry, pulling his underwear up in the process.
