Just some fair warnings, this story has violence, gore, rape, torture, and other sick shit!!




The dimly lit corridors of the xenomorph hive reverberate with the hissing echoes of angry Xenomorphs. Sergeant Draxus moves as stealthily as he can through the serpentine passageways, his hulking draconic form remarkably silent given his bulk. Scars adorn his battle-hardened body, each one a testament to the countless battles he had faced, with some fresh wounds promising new scars... if he can get himself out of this damned hellhole. The heat and humdity of the hive is oppresive, his green scales glistening with sweat and fresh blood in the dim glow of the colony's emergency lighting. And the stink of it: meat, a chlorinated pool, hot metal, musk. 

Draxus' thick tail twitches with agitation. This mission was supposed to be routine, just another extermination of a xenomorph hive on an yet another offworld colony. It was a task Draxus and his squad had accomplished many times before. Catch a dropship down, a symphony of gunfire and alien screams, then celebrate with any survivors of the colony. Easy! But this time, things were different. These xenomorphs are different, their cunning was far beyond their usual predatory instincts.

A strangled cry echoes through the labyrinthine corridors, marking the doom of another of Draxus' comrades. It sounded like Red. Fuck. He liked Red... He prays to whoever is up there that they killed him swiftly. No one, NO ONE, should expereince the breeding chamber's horrors...

The dragon lets out a rough sigh. His body aches, he's exhausted; he's never been so battered. Blood continues seeping from his fresh wounds, mingling with the sweat and slime on his scales. His ammo reserves are nonexistant, his radio is busted, and his squad is gone. Desperation begins to gnaw at his frayed nerves. He's never been in such a fucked situation. And yet he presses on, what choice does he have? He navigates the labrynthine hive with the skill of a predator, but feels like prey as he always feels the piercing gaze of his unseen foes. 

As he turns a corner, his heart skips a beat. The towering form of the Xenomorph queen looms before him in a huge chamber. Shit!! He's stumbled into the one place of the hive he doestn't want to be. The massive chamber was clearly some large cargo facility, the queen attached to her huge pale ovipositor is in the center, surrounded by her eggs, tended by many warriors and drones. Several times his size, the massive creature takes note of him, her massive head crested head turning towards him. He swears he can feel her gaze upon him, despite her kind not having eyes. The other bugs turn as well.

The marine starts to slowly back away. No aggression, no sudden moves, he just might be able to--

He backs into what feels like a wall, and the 'wall' hisses.

Draxus has felt fear, he's been in really tough battles before, but this first time in his life he's truly felt terror. The Xenomorph warrior grips him from behind in an impossibly hard hug. He's strong, but bugs are far, far stronger. His ribs creak under the pressure, the dragon comepletely unable to breath. His pulse rifle drops from his claws as he sees stars. His heart hammers in his chest like one of their young trying to rip out of its host. Something he might end up experiencing soon... If he could, he'd scream.

The scent of ammonia and decaying flesh of the beast's breath fills his nostrils, mingling with the musky metallic aroma of the hive. The queen's servants approach, knowing he's no longer a threat. Hisses and chirps surround him, a dissonant symphony of the bugs. He's so very fucked. Darkness creeps in at the edges of his vision. He never thought it would end like this!

...

The dragon comes to with a harsh gasp. His brain races to recall what was happening, horrible anxiety pulsing through his veins. It's dark in the slime covered chamber he finds himself. His gear, and most of his clothing, is gone. He hurts everywhere, but the bleeding has mostly stopped from his wounds, the ever present mucus of the place seems to have sort of bandaged them. Small blessings... Looking around, some of the emergency lighting is working in this slimed up room. The dragon sees it's a breeding chamber.

Bodies are cocooned against the walls in different stages of the bugs' lifecycle, opened eggs before each. Panicked, he looks around; thankfully there are no closed eggs waiting to release their fucking facehuggers. Wait... if this is the breeding chamber, why isn't he cocooned like the rest?

Draxus unsteadily gets to his feet. He feels like he's run several marathons and got run over by an APC. He looks at the many bodies cocooned against the walls. Almost every one is a member of the colony, chests blown open, faces frozen in utter horror and agony. The smell of rotting meat and entrails is deeply unpleasant. At least none of them are his sq-- He sees red scales in one of the cocoons, a red dragon with facehugger on his face. Fuck no... it's the young Private, Red. 

Tears well in his eyes. This was Red's first bug hunt. On the drop down, the Private was shivering as he was so scared. Draxus told him he'd watch out for him personally, promised he'd make sure he made it back to his familiy. Fuck!!!

Anger wars with the terror of his situation. He can at least make sure the young marine doesn't have to die screaming in the worst way possible. The hulking dragon reach out, grips the Private's neck with the hugger tail wrapped around it. He squeezes.

A bug hisses from three feet away, the insectoid creature perfectly camoflauged in its niche. It grabs Draxus' wrists and pulls him away from the host with ease. Then he's sent flying as it tosses him away.

Stars flitter in his vision, the wind knocked from him. He gapes like a fish out of water, writhing on the slimy floor. The beast looms over him, its metallic toothed maw dripping foul smelling slime onto him. He can only mouth the words: "fuck you."

Another bug hisses from the other end of the chamber, unfurling from its hiding spot. And another. He starts to breathe once again. The shock of the blow wanes, anger and despair fight it out.

The bug grabs him by his horns, lifts him roughly so his face is level with its smooth crotch. Wait... oh no... oh gods no!! He can smell a familiar scent, a -male- scent. This bug has what is clearly a slime dripping genital slit. The lips of it part, and a weapon pulses forth; not a smooth cock, a -weapon-. It's ridged, thick, and long. At least a foot long. 

His scream is cut off as the beast plunges its tool into Draxus' maw. He can't breathe as it goes down his throat. The smell of the beast is pungent, musky and metallic; the taste is acrid and bitter. He gags violently around the slime coated member, and thankfully his stomach is empty. The beast pulls its cock back, the ridges scraping againts his throat from with. The pain burns!!

As that bug thrusts its cock back down Draxus' gullet, the dragon feels clawed hands lifting his tail from behind. He can't make any noise with his throat filled, but it would have been a shriek. His eyes bug out as his tailhole is roughly spread, the ridges tearing at his sphincter. The pain makes him jerk in his captors grips, and he sees stars.

The two monsters rape the hulking dragon, the horrible pain slowly dulling. His mind reels. He's the pride of the marine corps, a veteran of many battles against the bugs! Now he's reduced to being the fuck toy of a hive. He's been with other males before, but this is so fucking brutal in comparison. The cock in his mouth leaves it for a moment. He lets out a gurgling wail before the cock is thrust back in. He tastes blood.

This is hell, it has to be. He was kiled on the mission, and now he's in hell, it's the only explanation! The pain in his rump is dulling to an ache, his throat numb. He doesn't fight the bugs anymore. This is hell... he must deserve it.

The one fucking his gullet hisses deeply, pressing its member as deep as it can into him. He feels the tool throbbing in his damaged throat, a horrible warmth spreads in his stomach. More tears flow. He feels so filthy and fucking used. He starts to lose consciousness from the lack of air, prays for darkness to take him...!

The xeno pulls itself from his throat and releases his horns, the male dragon collapsing forward, sputtering and gagging and sobbing... His body jerks as his tailhole is abused from behind. He wails once more. The taste of the thing's seed is remarkably similar to regular cum. 

His gut is filled with a sharp pain as the xeno sheathes in his rectum once more; it must have punctured his colon. Burning, hot pain fills him as he feels the tool throbbing deeply in his body. He wails again. The beast roughly pulls itself from his tailhole and leaves him.

The green dragon curls into a ball, sobbing deeply. He's never felt so horrible in his life. His body hurts everywhere, the pain in his gut is wretched, he feels so nauseous from the creature's spunk. This is hell... this is hell!!

Another beast lifts him from behind, and after a few rough prods against his tailbase, slides into his loose tailhole. Another grips his head and his mouth is filled with that same flavour.

Hell...

...

Draxus's has blacked out several times. He doesn't know how long it has been. He doesn't feel much of anything anymore, physically or emotionally. His latest 'lovers' have finished, and he's curled in a ball again. He vomits up the last few loads, the creamy male fluid streaked with crimson mixing with the slime of the floor.

Why won't they just kill him?

At least he has a moment's reprieve. He sobs quietly.

Another xeno approaches, Draxus looking up. This one isn't sporting an erection at least. But there's something in its claws? ...oh... A pale, writhing creature with a long tail, looking like a crab but with fingers for legs. Facehugger. Of course... The hive has had their fun, but they still have a use for him. At least it will mean an end to all of this.

The parasite is placed almost gently on his face. He doesn't resist. No point. The tail wraps around his throat, squeezing a bit, the fingers gripping his skull. The thing reeks of yeast and cum. The ovipositor pushes into his mouth; over his throat and down his oesophagus. He doesn't gag. It's kind of salty and sweet. It's so much more gentle than his previous 'lovers'. Tears flow fresh. He almost wants to thank the parasite, this feels more like a loving act of felatio with a partner. He actually feels his own masculinity pushing from his own slit.

His air supply is cut off by the tube in his gullet, yet somehow he's still breathing. Of course... it breathes for the host. Yet he starts to feel tired, so very tired... He drifts into true unconsciousness, the last thing he feels is the thing's tail massaging his neck as the tube in his throat pulses... it's actually rather nice...

...

Draxus wakes slowly. Everything hurts. Everything. He's never felt so awful in his life. His eyes slowly open in the darkness. He's still in the breeding chamber. He feels seed and blood oozing from his tailhole; some bugs must have used him as he was unconscious. Whatever...

Turning, he sees the facehugger, curled up like a dead spider. The deed is done. He's going to die screaming soon. He remembers Red. He looks over where the young Private is cocooned. The younger dragon's slimy face is a mask of horror and agony. His red scaled chest is blown open from within. He must have delivered his baby while Draxus was receiving his. Draxus failed him. Utterly.

Sitting up, the green dragon groans. Even with all the pain, he can feel a strange weight in his chest. It doesn't bother him as much as he thought it would. He stands up, swaying on his feet as the world spins. He can't bear to be in the room with poor Red, the reminder of how badly he fucked up. He starts walking, a trail of blood and xeno spunk oozing down his leg and tail.

Draxus limps through the hive. The bugs ignore him. They know he has one them inside of his ribcage, he has hours or maybe even mitnutes left. He keeps wandering. He doesn't know what he's doing. Even if he somehow got out, somehow found help, there isn't time to get the bug out of him. Maybe he could off himself? That could work. He could deny them that at the very least.

The green dragon comes across the queen's chamber. The guardians within know he's no threat now. He walks up to her. Her huge, crowned head peers down at him.

"Fuck you."

She doesn't understand, she can't. It just feels good to say.

As he turns to keep wandering, he feels a light fluttering in his chest.

Oh... oh no...

Ice cold dread floods his veins. It's time. The bugs have truly won. He can't even deny them his life.

He lets in a ragged gasp. He can truly feel the abomination within his chest now. It squirms, rubs against his lungs and heart. It's an awful sensation, it makes his breath hitch. He grabs at his scaled chest, drops to his knees before the queen. The bitch keeps watching him with her blind glare.

"F-fu-fuck y-y-you!!"

The thing in him pushes against his sternum. It makes him groan, his boanes creaking against the sheer strength of it. He winces.

"FUCK YOU!!!"

Then the parasite -slams- into his sternum, the bone cracking. It hurts. It hurts more than he thought something could hurt. He's left shaking, more stars flitter through his vision.

"fuck you..."

It's a hoarse whisper. He tastes fresh blood. The thing pushes forward again, pushes against the fractured bone. There's pain, there's agony, then there's whatever this is. He shrieks.

Draxus falls backwards, ends up sprawled before the queen bitch, thrashing and screaming. The scales over his chest are spreading, tearing, little crimson rivers flowing down his green scales.

The beast pulls back, the pain returns to being a horrible burning, barely manageable. He can't make out anything through his tears, besides the huge dark blob that is -her-. His body won't stop shaking.

"f-f-f-finish it you f-f-f-f-fuck!!!"

The beast within pushes upwards again, the pain building to levels he didn't think possible; shock takes over, everything feels distant and weird.

Draxus feels... something? In the deep resesses of his mind, he hears someone? Feels something? It builds, and like a tidal wave it washes over him. Love. Pure fucking love. It's the queen, somehow he can feel her love for the thing that's about to kill him. For him too??

With violently shaking hands he wipes his eyes and looks up at her. He understands. It all makes sense. He gives the queen a quivering smile. Love. It's all love.

A violent shove from within, so strong it makes him lift his body from the ground. Time seems to slow to a crawl. Draxus' chest rips open, his sternum bursts with an explosion of blood and muscle and scales and bone... Like a bloody toothed erection, the chestburster juts from his destroyed chest cavity. Thick spurts of blood spray form torn arteries.

Things feel so distant and weird and cold. Draxus reaches down, touches the weithing thing that's killed him. It actually nuzzles his quivering clawed hand. He gets it now, the bugs, everything they do; he gets it...

Darkness creeps at his vision, he's unable to breathe. Love. He feels it still. He looks up at her. What wonderful beings... so perfect...

Draxus drifts into bright nothingness, a smile on his scaly lips...