Pokemon Setting Sun
My first attempt at writing

On this day, on the small islands of alola, a young man finally set's out on his Journey to become a pokemon master and the champion of his region. His name is Jonathan, as a kid, he always dreamed of walking alongside the legends that came before him. To be the very best that no one ever was, and now it's time for him to make that dream a reality. Looking into the mirror of his bathroom he braced himself, "Today is the day... I make this happen." And so the young man gathers his belongings and left his humble abode on the outskirts of Hao'oli City. On his way towards Professor Kukui's lab, Jonathan heard a voice, a females voice,"Yungooooooossss! Yungoos where are you? Huh? Excuse me can you come here for a sec? Please i promise not to take too much of your time." "What wrong?" Jonathan inquired, "It's my yungoos, I took my eyes off of him for one second and now he's gone. Have you seen him?" The young woman asked, "He wears a small blue bowtie, it matches with my hairpin see?" Said the girl while showing him her blue bowtie shaped hairpin. "No I haven't, but i can help you look for him." Jonathan suggested, "Really? Are you sure?" said the young woman, "Yeah, I've got time." Jonathan reassured, "Thanks ummmm. Jonathan, Jonathan Rise. Julie, Julie set, nice to meet you Jonathan." And so, the two set out to go look for the yungoos who wore a small blue bowtie tie. While searching up and down route 1 Jonathan thinks back to the time of how the legendary trainer, Red, was able to become champion of kanto at such a young age. "If the battle legend himself was able to achieve that, then surly he would have no problems helping someone find they're lost pokemon. Alright Jonathan, get it together, you can do this!" Eventually, he came across the feral creature, and sure enough he was indeed wearing a small blue bowtie tie. "Heh found you little guy, now come on let's return you to your trainer." Jonathan approached the loitering pokemon, only for it to steady itself and tackle him in the stomach. Unfortunately, for our feline nemesis, the hero of this tale proved a bit more sturdy than what one would think considering his age. "Gotcha!" The boy exclaimed proudly, while firmly grasping the pokemon in his hands. "Hmph, bet you weren't expecting that now huh. Come on little guy, let's go see Julie." With the feisty pokemon in hand the young man sought to return it too his owner. "Hey! you found him! Said Julie who approached Jonathan with a smile of gratitude upon her face. "I can't thank you enough, my yungoos you see, he's always been a bit of a rebel." The girl explained, while pinching the cheeks of her pokemon. "Think nothing of it, i'm just doing what any pokemon master would do." "Your a pokemon master?" Questioned Julie, "No, well not yet but i will be. I was just on my way towards Professor's Kukui's lab when you called out to me." The boy explained, "Oh, so i held you back from properly starting you journey." Julie turned her face to her side, looking down in shame. "What? NO! I told you before didn't i? I've got time." Said Jonathan reassuring the girl that she's got nothing to feel sorry for. "Anyways, i better get going, my dream isn't gonna fulfill itself you know." With a turn and a step the young hero of this tale headed towards Professor's Kuikui's lab to begin his journey. "Julie was it? See you around! Yeah, and thanks for helping me earlier!" Julie said as she waved goodbye to the Youngman. Arriving at the Professor's Lab, Jonathan announces his presence, excited at the prospect of finally becoming a pokemon trainer. "Alright i'm here, and your late, so lets wait what? Your late Jonathan." Professor Kuikui said with disappointment in his voice. "Out of all the kids i met, you seemed the most excited to become a trainer. So what happened? Did you take the scenic route or something?" The Professor said jokingly to lighten up the mood. "I was helping someone, a girl, find her lost pokemon. I... didn't think it would take that long. I see, well unfortunately the early bird catches the worm, and the worms have been caught. But don't worry, I should have three new sets of pokemon here tomorrow. So try to be on time next time, okay? The Professor said with a thumbs up to reassure our hero, Jonathan responded with smile and a thumbs up of his own before leaving the laboratory. On his way home Jonathan spotted a young girl waving towards him, the same girl he had helped earlier. Jonathan waved back, "So how it go? Julie inquired, "What Pokémon did you choose? None" The young man said with a disappointed look on his face. "I showed up too late. Oh.... listen i- stop right there." Jonathan interrupted. "Now, what kind of pokemon trainer would i be if i didn't stop to help someone in need? You got nothing to be sorry for Julie, so don't apologize." Jonathan said with Extreme, Radiating, Optimism, which prompted a soft, warm-welcoming smile from Julie. "Hey, do live nearby? The least i could do is walk you home. Sure! My house is not too far from here I'll lead the way." On their walk towards Jonathan house, our hero and his new friend decided to break the silence by talking of they're interests. "So, your from Kanto huh? Yep, from the same place where the battle legend red began his journey. But my parents decided to move here when dad got a business offer that he just couldn't refuse." Julie explained, "And that offer is?" Jonathan asked, "To work as a scientist for the Aether Foundation, Apparently, the deal they offered him was so good he said and i quote "I'd be dumber than a magikarp to refuse such a deal!" Said Julie who was imitating her father's voice to best of her abilities which got Jonathan to chuckle. "And so now here we are. Anyways, that's my story, what's yours? "Me? wellllll" Jonathan scratched the back of his head, "For as long as i can remember i've... always been on my own. Never really got to know my parents, not even sure if they're even alive. It's usually just me trying my best to survive with what i was able to scavenged up from the wilderness until i managed to land myself a job. Guess that explains how someone your age was able to handle an attack from a pokemon huh? Heh, of course" Jonathan said, crossing his arms with a sly smirk on his face. As the two continued to walk and talk about their life with one another a crying sound can be heard from tall grass up ahead. " Did you hear that?" said Julie, "Yeah, sounded like it came from up ahead, lets go." Jonathan said, wasting no time in rushing towards the source of the noise with Julie right behind him. As they got closer they're eyes widen in horror as to what they were seeing. A broken, beaten up litten struggling to stand and surrounding it, were a Zubat, a drowzee, and a fomantis. Each being commanded by a member of team skull, two male, one female. "Team Skull" Julie said with disgusts in her voice. "A group of ruffians who made it they're life's goal to bring misfortune to those who don't deserve it." "Alright you worthless feline, since you don't want to play ball, The female team skull member said before rasing her hand. "I guess we are just gonna have to act as pest control. Zubat, poison fang this furball." Appalled by what he was about to witness, Jonathan increased his speed, rose into the air, and dive towards the injured litten, shielding it from the attack.  "What the hell!?" Who are you supposed to be?" The female member said with complete shock on her face. But before she could get an answer Julie's yungoos charged towards her, and tackled her, knocking her into the other male team skull member, who unfortunately managed to brace himself for impact in time to catch his female comrade. "I got a better question, said Julie. "Why are you attacking this litten?"