The interplanetary idol sensation princess Jelly Hoshiumi was shaking
a bottle of processed food, her long azure hairs wobbling as her arm
worked the concoction to mix it well.

Stabbing a straw through the cover of the carton cup, she began to
absentmindedly drink the tuna-flavoured liquid while sitting on the
captain's chair of her spaceship.

She had barely reached half cup when she groaned, angrily:

“Ugh, I'm sick of this! Alice, is there any good places we can eat
at?”

The white fluffy assistant looked at her captain and instructed the
ship's computer to query the intergalactic net for restaurants near
their position.

The result showed only one place, located on top of an asteroid that
happened to be close by. The blue-haired girl commanded the ship to
reach the giant rock and set sail towards their new destination.

Reaching the eatery turned out to be difficult: while the trip itself
was uneventful, the building was placed in a rather rocky area,
meaning it was hard to see it without using a surface scanner and the
ship could not land properly. The girls had to leave their mean of
transportation on a nearby plain and reach the place by foot.

Hanging on a wall near the front door there was a sign listing all the
dishes that could be eaten there. Jelly's eyes sparkled as she read
all that was listed there: other than the food that could be found
anywhere in this galaxy, there were even recipes from her home planet,
and things she never heard of too.

The inside was mostly empty, the only occupied table had a few people
just drinking some beer-like liquid. Jelly and Alice took seat at a
table a bit set apart from the rest. The waitress, a reddish human-like
figure with two pairs of arms, gave the complete menu to Jelly and
after reading it, the girl said with a smile:

“Bring me everything you have here.”

The waitress looked at the girl with light blue hairs for a bit, then
took the menu back and headed towards the kitchen. After a while, the
waitress came back with the dishes ordered by the idol princess.

From hors d'oeuvre to pasta, from salads to fish, the blue-haired girl
gulped down everything with gusto. Whenever something unknown was
brought over, she'd ask the staff for explanations and every time, the
narration only made her salivate even more, stimulating her appetite
more and more.

Finally, as she completely clean up a plate of a particular dessert
from a remote planet, the waiters took away everything to make space
for the last dish, brought forth by the chef himself.

The plate itself was featureless, highlighting even more the peculiar
content: right in the middle, there was nothing but a small cube of a
dark, vibrant purple color; the consistency was very dense and looked
like paste. With a crack in his voice, almost shedding a tear, the
chef began to tell his story:

“I have traveled many galaxies, I met many people and learned
different cultures. Some were familiar, some were surprising, some
left me with significant emotional scars. When I opened this
restaurant, I wanted to let everyone feel even just a little bit of
what I felt. However, I feel like something in messing, which is why I
made this recipe, to condense everything in a single bite. I'm still
working on it, but after seeing how you enjoyed your meal, I believe
you are the most suitable person to try it.”

Moved by the chef's speech, Jelly's hand trembled as the picked up the
cube and put her in her mouth. In an instant, her palate was inundated
by a multitude of flavours, an explosion of ingredients that nobody
could ever fathom; her brain got stimulated to the point of reaching a
state of exstasy.

Lost in her extrasensory experience, the girl didn't notice the
changes happening to her, which made the waiters scream in shock and
the chef to fall on his knees, aghast: first, her hairs started losing
their shining azure lustre, gradually changing into a darker and
darker hue; her golden antennae became a shade of blue, then they too
turned into a darker color; the darkening moved to her skin, which slowly
changed from a pale pink to a dark purple color, mimicking the cube
she just ate.

After her body had no more of her original pastel colors, her belly
began to swell, becoming rounder and rounder; as the swelling kept
going, her chest followed suit, then her waist; her arms started
getting bigger and bigger too, until the legs swelled up too. The
transformation stopped only when Jelly had become a round, purple
creature.