##Funny 'uncle' - 2 months before






Oh, God.


Man is sleeping that she knew it for decades.

Matsuri knows that this man will never wake up, even if an earthquake occurs.



Matsuri has been waiting for this day for months.
A girl is only likely to get pregnant only about five days in a month.
As Matsuri made a lot of effort as an idol, now she has enough money.
She needs to be able to handle when she gets pregnant, which she truly wants.



She knew there was no time to wonder.
Her tummy, maybe near the womb was making a poking pain since earlier.



Matsuri was pretty nervous about this situation. She was still a virgin.
She decided to think this is as a one-night stand.



"Excuse me, Anon"



The man is said to be in an erectile state about five times while sleeping.
And Matsuri also knew that this moderately large and hard dick in front of her will soon make feel good inside her.


"Okay, let's take it easy..."


Having sex with a childhood buddy to impregnate his child, this would not be found even in the 17th century's adult novels.


"It's going in, mister"


There's no way he'll hear this while sleeping, but Matsuri just needed words to cast a spell on herself.
She held his manhood strongly and pushed inside of her.


About half an amount went inside her, Matsuri felt something pierced.
She lost her virginity, but this truth rather made Matsuri go hot.



"You are my first man, Anon"



Once is hard, but twice is easy.
Matsuri had positioned perfectly and started to move up and down.


"I-Isn't this too big!?"



Every time she did up and down exercises, she felt like some part of the body made a kiss with glans penis.
The length of the manhood was longer than the depth of her vagina.


When Matsuri's pussy fucked, her womb getting pressed everytime.



The more she made piston movement, the bigger and harder it became.
Sticking pain from Matsuri's belly sooner became to change in pleasure.


And at one point, his penis got his position.
Perhaps this is a signal to ejaculate.


"Huh? Gonna cum...? a-ah, it's ok... please cum inside... inside of matsuri"



At the same time as Matsuri felt the peak, she felt something exhaling from the penis like the pulse of a heart.
It was not like an erotic manga. Not like feeling her womb filled up with semen instead, there was just a sense of a heat.


Matsuri felt elevated as a female, that she accepted the genetic seeds of a beloved male.

After finishing love affair, Matsuri gently lay down next to her sleeping friend.
If she gets pregnant, she will never be able to reveal who is the biological father.


Matsuri came up with a slightly ingenious way.
She whispered in his ear.


"Please take good care of me, Uncle!"

=================

Funny 'uncle' : https://pastebin.com/cR5NZf7J

Original Story : https://gall.dcinside.com/mini/board/view/?id=yang_transl0&no=319