#*Between the Moon's Reflections*
##Anime Opening Theme: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqNr4ZVdonc

The slums of Lucasta looked much like they did in his memories. Which was throwing him for a fucking loop because the last time he was here, they had been so alien it unnerved him. These familiar streets, the downcast faces, muck ridden stalls and decrepit buildings; it was wrong. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong.
August stopped. Breathe. He exhaled.
	"Get'a feck offa road!" 
	Someone screamed behind him, a horse drawn cart full of dirty apples kicking up mud behind. An apple for some dirty boots was a fair trade he figured, nicking one as he turned, stepping languidly off the main road, the splash of mud landing far too late to complete the transaction. Turning down an unmarked street he knew to be Selvans Steet, he followed cracking stone walls down to sea level. The slums ran directly to the harbor, though the path was a mess of failing scaffolds, staircases and an oft broken bridge requiring a bit of agility or creativity to cross the sewer line out of Higher Lucasta. Despite the unease and the ghosts lining the shadows, August couldn't help but stop for just a moment on the cliff-side scaffold above the sewer line. The harbor of Lucasta was grand, in scale and design, only made more majestic by the backdrop of the bay awash in sunlight. For a second, he was just a boy again, looking at the ships and wishing he could hop in and sail away from here to wondrous lands beyond the horizon.
	He could. August wasn't a boy anymore. He could man a ship. Disappear. Wrap the brand, and just live as a nobody. The wind blew fresh and cold across the slight sweat on his face. He wasn't a boy anymore. Shaking the mood off, he continued, crunching on the apple as he hopped from scaffold to bridge to the winding cobblestone path leading back up and around to the bustling marina. As he walked, the soft crashing of waves was slowly harmonized by voices of seamen and the creaking wood from the dock and swaying ships. It was loud. Too loud. There should be nothing but crashing  waves. Solemn silence, for the lost armada. Solemn silence for the lack of bodies to even speak.  The slums had been too loud as well. Too many voices unafraid of being silenced. Not enough bodies lining the streets. August sucked in another breathe. Exhaled. It was not the time. Instead he scanned the ships docked, looking for-The Family Jewels. It was a garish vessel, captained by a rather garish man, and it was here. The timing was uncanny. He had already confirmed mother's death, as well as that of Emperor Augustus. The presence of this ship may have indicated profound luck on his part, which frankly was the biggest load of shit he'd ever heard, but he couldn't totally discount it, because the other possibilities were worse to consider. That today was at least within a week of his original branding. Possibly the same day. But it wasn't the same day, because August was here, looking at this ship. Not inside, showing his brand to his occasional boss and occasional friend Captain Arduino. Would he see himself, walking out shell-shocked? None in the slums recognized him. His mother may have never conceived before she died. Maybe she had never met his father at all.
	There were too many ifs, too many maybes. August strode forward, dodging dockworkers as he made his way to The Family Jewels. The foreman tried to stop him, but a flash of the small tattoo on the inside of his left palm got a grunt and a nod. It was wrong and right at the same time. He knew George, they weren't friends, dumb alcoholic cunt, but any time he'd shown his face George loved to ask about his mom as though it was some great joke that she was a whore. Even after she died. The distrustful stare, the grunt, that was for strangers. Messengers. Errand boys. And now him, August supposed as he crossed the small wooden plank to the shimmering, well cleaned bow of The Family Jewels. He left mud tracks on his way to the cabin, some part of him internally dreading the cleaning he'd have to do, until he arrived at the door and remembered that it was likely that the Captain wouldn't remember him at all. He knocked.
	"George, I believe I asked to be left alone." A smooth voice responded from beyond the door.
	"I'm part of the bird that cannot fly. I swim in the ocean and yet remain dry. What am I?" August recited.
	"The shadow."
	The door opens. Like a ghost, Captain Armando Diego Arduino sat under-dressed in his cabin, a mere magenta embroidered overcoat covering his frilled undershirt above the dark wood of his desk. The cabin itself was much the same, exceptional craftsmanship, golden trim, woven curtains, with the shifting light of the bay glimmering softly through the double window pane behind the desk. Outside the ship, the waves crashed gently in the evening sun and voices echoed, muffled and so very far away. The man was every bit as he remembered, and not as he died. He wasn't cursing, crying, bleeding nor hairless and broken in the irons deep beneath the Castle. His dark hair was long, his goatee manicured, gloved hands cradled a book, and his sharp red eyes revealed nothing as he studied the strange, frozen adolescent at the door.
	"Do you know me?" All of August's planned deceptions were washed out of his mind at the sight of the restored man before him. He couldn't lie. Not when he looked like this.
	"No." Of course he didn't. In the mirror on the desk, August looked at himself for the first time since waking up in this blessed, cursed world. He was as he was after the battle, alone and distraught. No gear, no sword, no gun, just scars, a harsh tan, and hair a shade paler than it was. The lines of his face had hardened, circles were drawn in blood around his eyes as sleep became more and more fleeting, and whatever shade of fat he had as a boy was gone.  For a second, the world shifted, as the ship swayed lightly in the evening tide, feet replacing head, tumbling into the sight of himself in this room. Looking at this mirror, with fuller cheeks, pale skin, a fresh brand upon his arm and an attempt at a self assured smirk that looked more like a grimace.
	"Are you quite alright, boy?" Armando asked, his eyes narrowing in what may have been concern if August didn't recognize that posture, the Captain's hand on a gun he kept in the locked, hidden compartment of his desk.
	"Sorry. Just looking for someone who does." August replied as vertigo broke. He needed to get this situation under control, fucking yesterday. "Can you tell me about this," August asked, flashing his brand at the man. For once, the Captain's steel composure faltered, his eyes widening and the book falling from his hand. Though he was quick to catch it, as he leaned forward in interest, August noted that both hands now rested in full view.
	"I'm surprised you do not know yourself, though I suppose if you forgot who you are you wouldn't know an Auspice sign... But, before that... Why come to me?" Captain Arduino reasoned, his eyes returning to the visitor with an abject sharpness. The longer he studied August's face, the more his brow furrowed. "You remind me of someone, boy. I can not deny that. But I've never known you and I sure as hell've never met a chosen. I don't know if this is some curse or what, but why me? You think I know you? You're the one who knows me, boy. You know words in an order only few've an interest in speaking. But I've never met a shadow I did not make. So why exactly should I help someone who shouldn't exist?"
	"I... I was hoping-no-I need to know. Did you know-remember a woman by the name of Katia?" It wasn't easy to form the words. Captain Arduino had a way of making him feel small, even now. And he was right, what the fuck did he expect, coming here? Closure? Answers? Forgiveness?
	"I've known many women, some may've had that name." Armando replied, steeping his fingers above the desk as he settled in to think deeply, a familiar pose.
	"She was a prostitute, in Lower Lucasta. Died about a year ago." August said without prompt, trying to end this backwards nightmare conversation quickly.
	"Might've known her years ago, when I sailed under different flags, but I knew many women." The captain replied carelessly, clearly not happy to entertain the idea that August was a bastard. Which he was. But not his.
	"I'm not-whatever-did she have any children? They would have been very young when you knew her." August asked again. 
	The other man frowned, quirking his head as he seemed to scan the horizon outside the boat for answers from his seat, before responding,
	"No... I believe she claimed to be infertile. Though many women've made similar claims to me, the madame was a practicing wi'ch who would concoct such potions for them to avoid... Issues." Armando responded, slower and more thoughtfully, as his red eyes darted across the waves.
	"I see. Thanks for the time." August replied, exhaustion and exasperation masked behind the same even tone he'd mastered around strangers. People he didn't trust. It was a shame that now included Armando, but the more he listened, the more August knew. He was completely alone. Just like he had been before waking up to this bittersweet nightmare.
	"Wait!" The captain called out as the platinum haired teen turned to leave, "I believe you asked about your mark, did you not?" He stood, moving from the desk to a locked shelf on the starboard side of the window. With an adroit flick he unlatched the lock and opened the cabinet, revealing a stack of books and loose missives stowed wherever space allowed. It was the kind of messy that he'd have sorted for him, back when he was learning his letters. The kind of habit that was never broken by the urging of a child for the man to 'be more grown up.' The dissonance broke when Armando turned back around, a letter clutched in his hand and his eyes moving rapidly across the parchment.
	"Let me see your arm. Closely. I won't hurt you." The man moved, slowly, as though August was some easily startled cat. Shrugging, August pushed his sleeve back, revealing the brand again on his left shoulder. He knew what the man was looking for. Burn scarring, not ink, and without traceable sources. No ridges, no change in color or height from uneven pressure, all the hallmarks of a fake sign. Just as he had when he was here last on this day.
	"It's real." Arduino said, rather pointlessly. August quickly shifted out of his grip, and the other man swept back to the desk.
	"The mark is a sign, a sign you have been chosen by Auspices, the Gods of Sidith, to fight the Overlord, a threat they deem eminent to the entire world. It's not unheard of for those outside their walls to be chosen... But there are ill whispers. Even now the church is silent. I've heard tell of strange happenings, both here in Lucasta, and across the seas. Either way, the church of the Sidith will be expecting you to present yourself sooner or later, and they will find you if you endeavor to make it later." The captain's words were almost ominous. This was not part of the script. Last time, the man had emboldened him, told him that training him was worth it, that he was a capable young man and that he was over the moon to see him use his talents on something that could make them both proud. He had even lamented his refusal to teach him the sword at the time, sorry his idealism got in the way of preparing August for what was to come. Here, Captain Arduino gazed at him with the same guarded look he knew he'd be reflecting back. There was no love here, just a healthy amount of wariness for godly intervention and a drop of pity.
	"Well. Guess I'll go genuflect." August replied as he turned to the door, and this time, the other man did not stop him as he walked off his ship. The mud had dried, on the wood, and on his shoes as the sun began slipping beneath the skyline. He must have wandered the city for hours after that. Just soaking in the sights and sounds of Lucasta before it'll inevitably go to shit. 
	The sun dropped, down, down down, until the moon hanged full, orange and bright above the bay. From the cliff above the sewer drop-off, August stared. Watched the reflection break, reform, and break again. All the while, every voice, every face, every cell, screamed at him to do what he'd wanted to do all day. Walk through the front gate, fuck it, break it. Kill the guards. Kill the Royal Guard. Face her. See her. Just for a second. While she slept. She'd never have to know. Here, in this world, he was never real. She wouldn't hate him this time. Because her Augustus must not have believed his mother when she lied about the fucking potions. He couldn't help it, and he laughed.
	"Ooooh, are you laughing because you know a joke? I love jokes!" A childish voice called out from his left. Out of the shadows. Literally, the grinning elf child materializing at his side like a barghest in the moonlight. The fangs stuck out first, then the palour, but the most ridiculous of all were the two shimmering, blood red eyes slit in the middle like a cat's.
	"Yeah, my life." August replied shortly, not interested in this strange creature's games nor in a mood to give a particular fuck about the obvious threat to his life. If the midget wanted a fight, he'd bash his brains in.
	"Keheheheh! That is pretty funny." The boy, or whatever, replied gleefully. "Have you tried dying? I hear that's the best cure for suicidal thoughts! Ahahaha-wait that was very rude of me! Sorry sir!" Whatever it was seemed to be amusing itself without his commentary, so he let it talk. "Hmmm... You know... On further inspection you are completely talentless!" It finally declared, floating in front of him, above the crashing waves, red eyes moving at a mile a minute as they roamed his body.
	"Thanks. I try." August replied, wondering when this creature would get to the point or if it had an active bounty on its head to get a quick meal ticket.
	"Awww it's no fun if you're such a sourpus. Chin up my friend I'm about to change your talentless life!" The elf said with a self satisfied nod and pose. One hand above his head fist up, one down at his side, fist also up. Like he was trying to punch the moon. August again, couldn't help but laugh.
	"Don't laugh at me! I'm serious here. Join my party!" That caught his attention. Party? This manic midget was a hero?
	"Show me your mark."
	"Only if you show me yours." The elf replied faux-bashfully, both hands cradling its face as though it were blushing. So he did, and watched the elf's reaction. It didn't disappoint, when the thing wasn't pretending to be cute, he had a stiff, composed expression as though he were many years older, a look so dispassionate it would have disconcerted him if he cared about anything related to this interaction.
	"My turn!" The boyish creature said, before promptly pulling his shirt up and exposing the mark of the mage clear as the moon seared into his chest.
	"See, it's real. I know you know." The words again drew him up short, and as he met the creature's eyes, they were cold and calculating and full of a level of understanding that nearly broke through August's apathetic haze.
	"So what? We're both recycled losers? Let's stick together? Fuck off kid I'd rather catch chlamydia then follow you." August said, now informed enough to realize that this could be suicide without his equipment, sitting some indescribable distance at his now nonexistent home in upper Lucasta. Not that he cared, at least this thing would be a better fight than some morons in a tavern, and he was in the mood to commit some violence.
	"Relax. It's really not that simple." The elf rebuked coldly, fangs flashing in the moonlight. "Come with me, there's someone I want you to meet. You can decide what to do after you meet them."
	"Or I can decide what I want to do right now." August replied just as cold. Grey eyes meet red, and August hoped to see some blood but the boy just smiled back frostily.
	"I'm not interested in dirtying myself with talentless losers like you, but we are not in a position to be picky. And I'm sick of how stupid you're approaching this. Use your head. You and I do not belong here. You think you're that special? The gods don't save anyone, let alone someone like you. Or someone like me. You really think we deserve second chances? You really think we're the only chosen who woke up in this assbackwards world?" The boy lectured him coldly. "Fat chance. Something is happening here, in this plane of reality, that is beyond the pale. And you want to sit here and sulk? You couldn't possibly be that boring. Right?"
	Did it matter? Why they were here, why he was talking to this strange kid from another reality, another world, another party, a 'kid' that seemed like it was over ten times his age? Not really. But it was better than wasting away thinking about someone who literally didn't know he existed. He wasn't stupid nor insane enough to not admit that.
	"Who are we meeting?-No fucking bullshit kid. I'm not going to go with your creepy ass unless you're honest with me. First lie, I'm out. Freaks like you line the slums like shit on the street, and I'm nobodies' fool." August replied with steel in his tone. The elf looked at him with appraisal again, before laughing.
	"You're an honest guy aren't you? We're meeting my super cute mentor! You can't take her from me! Even if you are some handsome rogue, her heartblood will be mine!" The kid spouted off, his mood shifting easily back to mania.
	"Whatever, and don't you mean heart?"
	"Yeah whatever! Oh yeah, she also has a mage mark! Did I mention that? Ahahaha-that's right there could be dozens of us! How exciting!"