#ENDURANCE
##->BREAKING<-

"What? How? I-I won. You came first that last time, remember?" You tried to explain out of your confusion.

"Ah-ah-aaah~" She waged her tail from side to side right up in your face. That's not what the deal was."

"Huh?"

"The deal WAS whoever came TWICE had to admit it and lost. We both came twice at the same time but the first one to admit it was you."

"..." You didn't know how to react. Did she actually... outsmart you?!

"Sooo you lose..." She made a small little smug grin and sheepishly blinked her eyes rapidly. She was try to look cute knowing what she just did. "I mean T-B-H, I was hoping you'd say it then bu-but it-you felt... really good so I thought, maybeee just one more time... sorry."

"So I'm the one who has to-?"

"Yup!" she exclaimed. "But hey! Ya did a really good job. It's like you knew just what I wanted and I'm hoping it was the same for you too. I never really had the courage to ask. I always wanted to know you more and maybe I'd get to know you better over time while you were staying. But it honestly felt like our minds were connected and I thought you'd like-I thought-I-I-I-"

Now that she mentioned it. You have noticed that she seemed to do that. Especially when she was exercising. When you were listening to and watching her. Every time you had a particular thought about something like the time or what she was doing, it was almost like she'd answer you subconsciously. This happened way too many times for it to just be a coincidence. And as embarrassing as it was, you both were masturbating to each other with each others clothes. Both tasting each other's fluids and smelling each other's scents. The only difference being you actually seeing her in person and her seeing you in her head but even then it was almost like her wanting you to be there brought you here. Both in her room and in her house. It seemed as if what ever happened to one of you happened to the other in some capacity and you couldn't not say anything about it anymore. So you expressed your thoughts about this and her eyes widened as fast as her ears perked up.

Turns out she had been subtly aware of these strange occurrences but never gave it much thought and chalked it up to "luck" or "chaos" since it never happened to the extent you described it, or at least from what she's been told. She did chuckle a lot when you had to go into an embarrassing amount of detail just to get the point across. But in the end it did seem like she had some kind of "chaotic influence" the just made things happen the way she wanted to and/or would screw her over as if her existence decided to constantly play dice. She did briefly wonder if that was why you said you loved her but by knowing her by now and picking up on her facial expressions (and maybe with the added assistance of understanding her mind better simply out of her desire to want you to), you reassured her that wasn't the case and her worries had ceased without rat needing to utter a word. Of course this would mean the entire reason you had to temporarily abandon your house was because her desires and she gave the same reaction she did before in addition to covering gasping mouth with her crossed hands. This of course turned into a snicker and a chuckle when she saw your exhausted face contort in mild frustration. And that soon turned into her usual laughter.

"Hua-hua-hua-hua-huaaa!" After that quick eruption had died out in a wheeze she then used her tail to grab the remaining dildo that had fallen from before and plopped it into her hand. She then decided to clean off the wet mess that remained on it from the small puddle it was left in. And she did it the only way she knew how, and sucked on the tip of it. Closing her eyes, she slurped and licked like you weren't in front of her anymore.

"Maybe this waste of time." was all you could say in petty annoyance.

***POP***

A swallow and a wet pop caught your attention. "Nuh-uh! Look over there. See?" she quickly interjected as she pointed at he clock on her desk. According to the clock on her desk, it would've been some time over four hours since Bae had started exercising. But that was impossible. It was only a bit after three hours when she had stopped, right? You could've sworn you two spent way more time going at it then that; even without the tiny breaks in between. Did she condense roughly two hours of time into half an hour? Was that why you had the amazing stamina you did? Because you were only loosing a fourth of what you should've while in real time your stamina drained as fast as it normally would? Or should that have only increased your exhaustion by four times instead if you and your stamina acted normally in slowed time. You couldn't perceive what was happening when it was and even if you did it's unlikely you'd even be able to understand it. Was there to understand at the powers of a chaotic god that had no consistency in the rules it may or may not have had? How aware was she about all this?

"See? See? Told ya I could get to four hours. And youuu said I couldn't. HA!" She then rubbed the side of the dildo to her clit and rubbed it up and down and soon is was audibly vibrating. It was enough to bring you out of your state of self-perpetuating confusion. "Could've sworn it's been like, two hours though... Maybe I did that with my "chaos powers" like you said. Hee-heee! Hey, Bra~at! You still gotta fulfill your end of the deal. Get to cleanin' already." Spoke with authority clearly in jest but a part of it still annoyed you somewhat.

"You know what?" you started. "Maybe since you kind of cheated you can do it and I'll go sleep." Despite still being fully erect from what she did before, you decided not to reward her unfairness.

"What!? Noooo faaaaiirrr!" she whined. "I didn't even know that was happening when I did it. Plus you started it and agreed to the terms. I didn't even cheat. I just kinda... played dirty a little bit... accidentally... Kinda accidentally..." She then with her free hand put two fingers in and started fingering herself but you could only hear the squelching as you were turned around. "If you don't start now there might be more for you to clean off my floor and meee."

"Where's my clothes." You were already looking for all of your discarded clothes while yawning. Ignoring the implication that you'd do such a thing and for nothing was the best for the both of you.

"Heyyyy! We already traded. Wait, no! I let you keep mine after you stole..." She realized the hypocrisy in her words "N-Never mind but still!" Your footsteps were growing more distant from the rat's ears and you could easily just take your clothes and hers to get back at her. It was her own house anyway, it's not really like she'd be losing it. If she already wanted you to keep something of her before you went back it's not like she'd mind you taking more. Plus she clearly had spares and could just make them if she didn't. And if she didn't have full control over what she could and couldn't do then that would've been her fault for getting a "bad role." After all, each time she made you erect you felt like you were already close to orgasming. If she dealt you a bad hand you could do so to her as well and it would just be her karma. Not your fault.

"Grrrr! Alright then. You know what?" Bae was getting feisty. "Maybe I SHOULD try out those powers of mine see if you get hypnotized. I need to get the hang of them anyway." Considering how worried she was over thought you might not have had free will when you said you loved her you knew she wasn't going to do something like that. Before you got the chance to even get curious she had tripped you over with her tail and you stumbled over to her and landed on your knees. Just as you were about to chastise her for that she flicked you balls with her tail.

"Ow!" It stung just a little and the pain went away as quick as it came but that wasn't all. There was another sensation. Not the sense of how awake you were but something else.

"If this was such a waste of time then I guess it'd be better if you felt like this never happened then." She had a mischievous toothy grin and flicked them again. It somehow felt harder but lacked the sensation of pain but somehow came with twice as much discomfort. She must not have wanted to hurt you so it must not have hurt you even though it should have. Baelz was breaking the rules of physics just to tease you. She did it a third time and you felt the same feeling on the other side. As you looked down you saw no injuries but your testicles looked... bigger? Swollen? You could feel them strangle pulsing. You were beginning to see it too. They felt heavier. Feeling "full" was just an expression but this time it was literal.

"Just think of it like, everything you let out since you started watchin' me never happened. And I've given it back to you. It was three times right? Eh, if you were watching me for hours, better safe than sorry, right?" With that her tail whipped your sack too many times to count. Too many times than she should've. The girl wanted something out of this sure, but she probably had no idea how this affected you. It was one thing to revert you back to your previously horny and pent up state but what she was doing to you was like flooding a tank. She put way to much than however much it could naturally contain. This affect on the human body... who knew what that could've done? Definitely not her. Yet...

"Bae! You're like a god or something AND an adult, so act like it and cut it out. Do you even know what you're doing?" Raising your voice was all you were able to do your overly-aroused state. You're mind and body was aching for release but you couldn't let her win. As if that wasn't enough she even placed one of her feet on your dick and slowly started rubbing it up and down. How was it so soft? It almost felt like a pillow.

"Hey!" she retorted as she closed her eyes. "As Chaos God, I think I DO know what I'm doin'." And then she opened one. "Plus I'm twelve." giving her hand a break she brought it up to her mouth just to cover her high-pitched laughter. "You're not getting my-th-that hole b-but IF you do a good job I might give you something special in reward." She cooed as she swirled her tail around in the air and did a jerking motion. She brought her free hand out of her damp cave and licked of her juices and then cupped the air in front of her jerking tail with a raised pinkie and obviously motioned a blowjob while she slapped her now extend tongue. She swapped foot and moved at an even faster pace.

"Do you even know what you just sai-Do you even know what you're doing? What do you even want now!?" She clearly didn't have any idea what she just implied with that statement and was just continuing her little blame-shifting running gag. And just when you thought it couldn't get any worse, her tail whipping started alternating between slapping you balls, increasing you aroused state beyond what a human should have even been capable of, and now your twitching face. Her fingers returned from where they came from and made an even louder, more rapid and even wetter squelching noise. Leaving her now-vibrating dildo floating in place she grabbed both her ankles and used both her feet to jerk you off, letting her hands go once she quickly got the hang of it. Some times they moved in tandem with each other and sometimes one foot moved faster and the other slow. Some times they were still. Sometimes the moved to your balls. This was the same range of chaos that her tail, wrapped around your cock and balls enacted on you too.

"Of coooourse I know what I'm doin' Brat!" she started.

"I want you to give me EXACTLY what I DESERVE."

Those words. Those finally words. Although she was only a foot away from you, it was like the squelching, the buzzing and the ever quickening tail had almost deafened along with any other noise that could be heard. Her voice felt as if it was as if she was whispering in both your ears at the same time; breath and all. But not only just your ears. It rung out your mind too. Like she was echoing in your head. Her natural voice was normally deeper than her higher pitched streaming voice, but this felt as if she was actually trying to sound seductive and pulled it off.

"OOWWW!!! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!" she cried out. You grabbed her tail with lighting-fast reflexes before you even knew you had done it. Baelz's tail quickly turned into zig-zags before it feel limp. Her legs recoiled similarly and her feet were retracted from you, alleviating you of your odd fusion of pleasure and discomfort.

"H-Hey! What's the big idea!? I'd whip ya again if I could." She was now on her back with her knees up, hands free, toy discarded and sporting a pout. Slowly, you spread her legs apart by her knees and lifted them upwards.

"Aaah~ I see. If you wanted to start there you should've just told me." she said, putting on a smug tone as if she wasn't startled by you earlier." As you backed up you spread the girl's lower lips. She could feel your hot breaths on her, which left her in confusion when she didn't anymore and the sensation was replaced by your mouth and tongue. "Weeeell? What're you waitin' for, huh? didn't I tell you t-... oh..." Bae had just realized exactly what she had done and exactly what was going to happen.

A shadow cast over the lying rat as you stood above her. The way the light above was positioned left a silhouette of your swollen member on her face. From her perspective, it was all her cross eyed gaze was able to focus on as a cold sweat dropped from her forehead. Your erection was harder than ever before. The rat could see it. Veins all over it. Pulsating. Throbbing. Balls hanging. Swelling. Aching. Your entire reproductive system-no your entire body and mind was aching for release and all she could do was widen her eyes and leave a crooked smile on her face. Maybe the site of your face might've comforted Baelz if not for the tilted top half of your face being covered in shade.

She was starting to breath heavily and her heart rate was increasing without even moving. Why? Was it out of the shock had realizing what she might have done to you? The reciprocated love she had for you? The fear of not being able to reverse you back to her normal state? The feeling of amusement she gained from literally teasing you beyond all normal limits? Intimidation knowing there was now way she wasn't going to have to take your entire length within her? Horniness for craving exactly that? Deprivation for none of the prior stopping her from going through with this? Perversion for all of the prior turning her on even more? She couldn't tell. All she could do is ask you what was going to happen or if you were okay. Something-anything along the lines of those before she was going to be dealing with a nine month long case of anxiety. She tried to utter words but nothing came out of her mouth and she hoped her thoughts reached you at the very least.

You, on the other hand, were trying to control yourself. And failing. You were lost to your instincts and it felt as if you were almost a passenger in your own body running on auto-pilot. Baelz Hakos. A deity. A chaotic entity. That rat girl. Your friend. Bae. She was know the girl of all your desires. All of which have been met except for one. Sure you can say you loved her but that wasn't an excuse. That didn't excuse her bratty behavior. That didn't excuse her cute face, her teasing, her beautiful body, making you horny, her uplifting presence, making you to edge for hours, ruining your house, and being need of punishment. Where these chaotic thoughts even yours? You didn't know. But all you did, was that you were going to give her more than a taste of her own medicine just for biting off more than she could chew. You were going to give her exactly what she wanted all along. It was exactly what she told you to do, after all. You were going to give her exactly what she deserved. For a moment, somewhere in the silence, somewhere in your head, it felt like a thought of hers had reached you. Like it was Baelz asking you what you were going to do her, but there were no words to listen to. And so, in the same way her thoughts reached you, you gave her the only viable answer there was left.

**MATING PRESS**

She screamed.

Out of pain, pleasure, fear or shock, it was unknown as to why exactly. But considering the events leading up to her outcry, it was like it was likely a mix of all four of them and more. If she had a hymen, she didn't anymore. What was certain was the constant sound so skin slapping the slick surface beneath it. It sounded exactly like Bae stomping against the against the ground with her shoes but faster, harder, louder and wetter. To think that after this you were probably going to be able to get off to the sound of the girl running alone with enough focus. You might've thought that if you weren't mindlessly fucking the life out of that bratty rat.

Her screams did not stop. They only turned to animalistic moans and ragged gasps for air. Between dribbling dribbling your her wavy ass against her increasingly wet floor and your ballsack spanking her leaky asshole. Between your rock hard cock railing her warm pussy with the force of a piston and her feral moans, Bea's high-pitched euphoric outcries were still more audible then all of the aforementioned combined.

The rat girl squeezed you tighter and tighter as you mercilessly assaulted her cervix. An intense grip like this would've normally squeezed you out or rendered you immobile. But of course, with you being more aroused than humanly possible alongside the strength and determination that came with that, you found a way in... and out... and in and back of out of her entrance again and again with ever increasing speed like the bird of a coo-coo clock gone haywire. You were mindlessly fucking the sweaty mess beneath you so much you almost failed to register the sensation of her insides. Almost. The rat's walls were heating up and starting to feel like even more of a comfortable mushy warmth than before. In you hypnotic state of unfocused focus; your chaotic trance, it was hard to focus on anything other than pleasurably punishing Baelz. You hadn't even noticed when you started using your tongue to silence her. She didn't even fight back. Instead she let you defile her mouth strictly for your pleasure once more. Almost as if to apologize. Well, assuming she had enough of her mental faculties in order to remain somewhat conscious, that is.

The scent of the air only served to increase your primal motivation. The door was closed and for the past few hours the room was filled with nothing but the scent and sounds of your body fluids mixing when they weren't being launched into the air, the floor, your bodies or swallowed down one of your mouths or her asshole. The sweat of your bodies merging together every time your bodies rammed against each other. The mixing of your saliva with each passionate embrace. Her pussy juices, your precum, her anal juices, your semen combining, with every thrust and climax. Your mouths had also got a taste of each other's respective fluids as well. In fact they were the first to. Not just from sucking the on loins of the other but from getting a whiff and taste and a taste from each other's undergarments. The same undergarments that carried the your bodies' musk, accumulated over the length of an entire day at most. Not to mention Bae had been working out in this room for the past three hours as well only released that smell when she removed her stained clothes. If the room was made of glassed it would've been fogged up several times over with the smell of hot, sweaty, steamy rat sex. That very miasma created from all of your past activities and feelings towards each other only served to act as an aphrodisiac. This only further energized you in the mental state you two were in.

Her tongue wriggled as she started regained her senses and her reflex kicked in upon feeling you ravage her mouth. Your undignified slurping and sucking replaced her moans as she started moaning into your mouth. This only caused you to crave her more. It didn't quite feel the same without her struggling. And just like that, she fervorously reciprocated with your desire like it was a telepathic command. For a small time her tongue wrestled against yours before quickly finding a pattern and began dancing in harmony with each other. This sensation of sloppy kisses and taste of her saliva had pushed you over the edge. You quickened your pace, faster and faster and faster until you both...

"MMRRGGH!! MM! Mmmmmm~" Her moans muffled by your mouth.

Came...

Baelz 's eyes rolled to the back of her head as you hilted yourself. Dick and balls visibly pulsing as you flooded her tightening walls. They were squeezing you at the same speed you were pulsating. It was like she was milking you... and it was working. Your stream of ejaculation did not stop flowing. It just kept poring into her until it started leaking out of her and you could feel it started to trickle down your balls. You could only tell due to the difference of thickness between her vaginal ejaculate the erupted from her many times and that mixed with your impossibly large volume of semen. All the while her lower body wildly convulsed and you decided to finally take a breath let the girl catcher her's.

A loud, wet smack was heard when you finally let the rat girl breathe and the girls mouth was no longer a hostage to yours. Her breaths turned into a pile of indiscernible mumbles and whines. You had cum once sure, but considering the state Bae had put you in and how fucking the daylights out her only increased your arousal and energy instead of diminishing it, you were far from finished. Baelz however, seemed far past it. The two of you were far from relief. You slowly retracted your hips back up and let gravity take care of their descent. Another raise. Another drop. This went on as you slowly increased your pace and soon, you were right where you were before not long ago. Rapidly hammering your feral friend beneath you.

"I think I'm... I'm in heeeeat~"

You mercilessly pounded away at Bae as her feet dangled freely in the air. She squirted again and again but you could barely tell. As the natural concoction of your liquids trickled down her buttcheeks more with each pound, they began to pool on the ground until it sounded like her ass was a ball being repeatedly dribbled into a puddle with increasing speed. The mess you made inside her fleshy warmth acted as natural lube sure, but paradoxically so, it also gave you more to work through. The chaotic and self-contradicting nature of your dynamic never left, did it? Your grip on the rat's hands definitely never left. Her hands had gone limp in yours but it wasn't like you noticed. What you had barely noticed was that her moans seemed to grow quieter. You went for her mouth but started sucking on her slick neck instead. You must've gotten a good roll when you did last time because you were way too unsteady for a more precise movement like that. But lucky for you it worked to your advantage. Her incomplete whimpers were now directly in your ear. This only seemed to produce the same effect that stimulated you before. As you moved along to the other side of her neck Bae's breathy whispered cries entered your other ear. This only caused you to pick up the pace. You went faster than you had before.

***PLAP PLAP PLAP PLAP PLAP PLAP***
"AAAAAAAOOOOOUUU~!!!!!"

Each thick wet thud elicited a tiny squeak from the dazed rat. They were increasing in volume as you slammed into her harder with each thrust. The puddle beneath her splashed repeatedly and fluids flung far. Her insides squished louder as the friction caused her tightness and your undying determination clashed. Your tip kissing her cervix over and over. It was only a matter of time before you two...

***PLAP PLAP PALAP PLAPAP PLAPPLAPPLAPPLAPPLAP***
"AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHNNNN~!!!!!"

Came once again.

This time, shooting out an even larger stream of jizz into the girls warm wet pocket. Her legs spasmed as you did so. Your thick member was already taking up residence within her and your preexisting fluids filled up whatever space there was left. The new batch immediately forced the old to jet out of her like a hose. With your body on top of her, whatever didn't get stuck between your abdomens flew past your balls and created a stream leading up to the puddle Bae's bruised buttocks rested upon. The last of it creating a thick river that leaked from beneath you testicles and dribbled past her as hole and slowly slid down her crack.

"Oooh my god," she sighed. "I'm gonna be so sore... tomorrow..." Baelz spoke between gasps for air but at least her words had returned to her. Her legs had relaxed a bit too much and gone limp. It was a sign that she had come down from her euphoric daze. You however, was still raring to go now more than ever. She merely widened her eyes before relaxing them and giving a small smirk. She understood exactly what she had done and exactly what need to be done. Closing her eyes and sighing once more, she gave you several pecks across your face. Each one taking longer and becoming sloppier. Baelz was soothing you, or at least she was attempting to. She couldn't really see a change in your hungry state but your grip did loosen enough for her to barely get her hands free. This just made yours rest beside her mouse ears. It didn't really work but she probably figured as much. She then grabbed your face and whispered into your ear.

''Just let it all out. You don't have to hold back for me... t-too much." Her voice was ragged and breathy but still had the unique air of elegance her accent gave her. An odd feeling of almost motherly maturity she rarely revealed. She could still tell you were restraining yourself despite what it may have seen. Despite what she may have felt. But nothing was going to change as long as you did so. In fact, it was only making you more pent up and that was not a risk any of you could take. This was the only thing she could do to insure both your safety and hers and complying was all you could do. Even now, after defiling her the way you did, you were still restraining yourself so you wouldn't hurt her. You truly did care for Baelz at the bottom of your heart, even if it hurt. But now it was time for her for you to accept sacrifice. With a grunt you agreed and started moving. In response, she simply tightened her arms and legs around you back and braced for what was to come. If only she knew...

Your engine rumbled and you started again with nothing but a grunt. Hips up then slamming down again with force instead of letting gravity do the work. You had to. The sticky mess inside her and around you two was already mixed and starting to dry. The viscous strands visible when you lifted your lower half upwards were evidence of that. They would've easily have broken off at the slightest movement with the consistency they had before. But they grew from a bubbly clear water like to a more smokey white sort of saliva to a solid white type of creamy solution that stuck together like strands of glue that refused to separate. And of course the damp spots you made would never completely dry as every time they would begin to another fresh layer would be added onto. You it was going to take much more effort to earn your relief, but you had more than enough energy for it.

As you moved, the ever-increasing volume of wet smacks was now accompanied by thick squelching. Bealz's grip did little to restrain you and did more her than it did for you. At the force you came at her with you started to lift her butt into the air with each thrust and splashing the puddle of grool each time. Strands between the rat's floor and her bottom took turns being visible with the strands between her pelvis and yours. The former sounding wetter and latter sounding stickier. The way you churned your friends insides caused her to elect her own noises as well while you merely grunted as you embraced your primal nature. Sooner or later there the chaotic discord started to create blend into a lewd sort of harmony. Each noise had a sort of pattern took turns with the others.

"Oh my god! Okay! Holy moly! Holy moly! Oh my god!"

That wasn't enough. You needed more stimulation. You needed to feel her more and you were not to hold back. But you had already dug her out to the limit. You couldn't go much deeper than you already had. Unless... 

"!?"

Bae widened her eyes and hugged you tighter. She the idea you had the moment it popped into you subconscious. You knocked on the entrance to her womb over and over again. You made it clear you were trying to force your way in. Something like that shouldn't have even been possible for normal person, but that was the last thing Baelz in terms of her being. She could've told you it wasn't but she did not, so it was likely possible. You were too far gone to give it any consideration though. You thrusted harder and harder over and over. Her squeaks went higher in pitch with each strike. The with one final wind-up and launched your hips into hers.

"GGGGGGRRRRHHHHHHH!!!!"

She tried to hold it in but she couldn't help but express the pain in cry. Her tongue shot out as she did. You breached her cervix and she made it know to the world. Your tip wasn't touching anything but just below you were squeezed by a tight fleshy ring of sorts. Your member was caught in it but you never stopped thrusting. As you pulled back it felt like you were going turning her inside out as the insider of her vagina moved with you. Fortunately, each time you dived back in you made got penis further and further into her.

"RRRRGGGGRRROOOOUUUHH!!!!!!!"

Baelz was starting to sound feral once again. This time accompanied with a new sense of pain that slowly dulled and traded places with pleasure over time. You were making your way in slowly and slowly but your pleasure came to fast. Her cervix hugged your frenulum which was where most of what you were building up was stored. Your tip longed for the embrace of her insides instead of the warm pocket of air it was surrounded in but it was too late. She was cumming again and so were you. Past the point of no return she hugged even tighter; inside and out. If her nails weren't short she would've broken your skin and made you bleed. It was only a matter of time before you fired of like a rocket inside her yet again.

"UUUUUUUGGGGGHHHH!!!!!!!!!"

You coated her womb with an even more sperm than before. Your head finally felt something as the little room it was filled up and your tip as submerged in you own ejaculate. The rest seeped past her Bae's cervix choked the cum out of your erection and flooded her vagina. Making it's way past the amount that had already accumulated and had started to dry it leaked out. The makeshift sticky waterfall was growing thick with each orgasm. You just now started to feel the rat girls heels stop digging into your sides and her grip around your ribs get loose. Even then, she never let go. Baelz's tongue had fall limp sometimes after it shot out from your rude entrance into her inner most depths. Her body was shaking less and less as she came down from her orgasm. You of course didn't even feel when she started shaking.

All that came out of Bae's mouth were quiet, incoherent babbles. For better or worse it seemed like this state of yours was never going to subside. Prior to Baelz's punishment, you only came about there times or so. That was within the span of anywhere between half an hour to two hours and you were edging for about three hours or so. After each orgasm, you were somehow recharged and with those tail smacks it was like all the energy spent and released during the aforementioned had returned and with each smack that same effect had been amplified. Just now you've came three more times. If your the first three came from four times the simulation then the latter three must've felt like each orgasm was worth ten. It was a crazy thought to think the amount of times you came was the equivalent of 42 orgasms but here you were. Luckily for Baelz she instinctively felt a light at the end of the tunnel. Sure she could tell that you were as restless as ever but she was certain if you could release once again, it'd be over soon.

Meanwhile, you were trying to pull out of her as she was mentally preparing herself for what would hopefully be the final onslaught against her loins. You repeatedly tugged back but that snug ring hugged you tighter. As you lifted your lower body upwards Baelz could see her lower stomach was inflated. A vague imprint made by your penis could also be seen moving back and forth on top of that, though this it was hard to distinct due to the preexisting swollen area you created a while ago. The only way she could tell was by the way the light reflected off of her when you lifted yourself highlighted the surface of both bulges. She was amazed at the thought something like that could even happen. If it was like this before, she wouldn't have known. With one last strong tug you shot out of her. The force of this made sure your erection shot out of Bae entirely and out with that came a geyser of vaginal fluid and ejaculate.

"UUUUUUUUHHHHNNNNN!!!!!"

Bae shrieked through gritted teeth as you did so. Were her eyes working, or was your dick even bigger and more swollen the before? She could see her little bulge start to deflate as she was emptied out. It was a strangely hollow feeling despite technically being closer to her normal state with you out of her. You left her gaped and she was already used to being in her for so long. Her body missed you. For a moment your dick was not hugged by the girls fleshy walls but surrounded by the around it instead. The room was by no means cold but relative the to all the heat you generated inside her, it definitely was. It craved for her warm embrace and you would have it. If Bae's pleading whines were any indication, she thought the same. With one huge grunt, you launched yourself back inside with perfect accuracy. It was easy. She was still leaking a tiny waterfall, even if barely and Bae's body was currently obeying the laws of gravity so the bottom of her was lined with a skinny and but thick lube made from the two of you. This only made it easier for you to slide in as your frenulum was greeted with instant pleasure. The girls cervix was bent outwards your tip so when you tip was greeted by it and ran right through it instead of being met with the resistance you were faced with initially. Your head finally reached made contact with the end of her womb.

"HHHMMMMMRRRRPPPPHHH!!!!!!"

Bae held back another yelp. It was clear her insides awaited your return from how well they hugged you. With one thrust, and a second and then a third, you increased your pace steadily. Your seventh round with the rat had begun. You were able to slide your arms under her and round her back, never minding any discomfort. The girl's arms and legs were tied around you but in this state that did nothing to hinder your movements. Her eyes were starting to roll to the back of her head once more. Before when you hilted yourself, you felt yourself getting squeezed and pushed back. This was due to her not being used to something as big as your self in her and that you stretching the limit to her depth. Or at least what should've been the limit until you broke through that. Now you could hilt yourself without being pushed back which meant two things. One, Baelz had nothing to soften the impact. And two, you were going to put more effort into pulling back which only meant even more effort would be used to launch yourself forward once more. Each time slid up and down her walls, through and out her cervix, each time you pushed her womb, her insides remembered your shape more and more.

"OOUH! AAHH! AAHHNN! URRGPH!!! OUGGH!!!! GAAAAHH!!!"

You reached an even higher level of speed than you have before. A new pattern of squeaks from the rodent and the slapping of skin barely made it's presence known to either one of you. You two were either off in your own worlds or fading into unconsciousness. It was simultaneously overstimulating and numbing at the same time. A chaotic combination. The lack of previously ejaculated fluids only making you feel her more. Her sweaty chest pressed against yours. The wet breast you fondled before rubbing your pecs. The rodent's cheeks were getting redder with each bounce on the sticky floor and each slap from your balls. She couldn't even feel her labia with your glans perforating her cervix up to three times every second. The only reason you didn't ram straight through her womb was because her depth was a perfect match for your length. Bae was repeatedly filled below as you muffled her primal groans and invaded her mouth yet again. It was the only part of her that was responsive.

As of now, Baelz was in a cycle of constantly orgamsing and coming down from the high like her body had no sense of a refractory period. You were no different. As her fluids sprayed past her fat mons and on to everywhere but the ceiling every now and again, you were busy mixing her fluids with yours. The thick and creamy solution that covered your rod only lubed you even more and did nothing to stop you. Your body had forsaken the limit to its stamina. Both of you, the concept of endurance breaking was so foreign. There wasn't going to be a way for you two describe the forgoing a concept of your physical bodies but that wasn't of concern. The time was drawing near. The time for your long awaited and sweat release. You pounded away faster than you ever did before. Wet thuds and covered moans increased again and again. You felt a tightness in your loins and your dick felt like it was about to burst. With a deep grunt and a even deeper thrust you came twice as strong as did before.

"AAAHHHNN!!!"

Bae's head flung back but her tongue, now free from yours, stuck out as she did so.You made sure you were as deep as you possibly could've been within her. Your balls twitched as felt them start to drain the unnatural amount of semen that was stored withing them. But it didn't stop there. With another deep thrust, another one of the strongest orgasms you ever felt occurred again. You filled her up completely in one shot and then some. Small steams shot out of pussy. She couldn't contain it all.

"AAIIIEEEE!!!!!"

The in just two thrust you had consecutively came and did so with the force of what would've essentially been 40 orgasms in total. But it wasn't over. You launched yourself against her once more and came again. Even more semen burst from where you had hilted yourself.

"UUUOOOUUGGGHH!!!!!!"

This time you only felt half as much pleasure and it rivaled the pleasure of the end of your previous rounds withe rat girl. You couldn't tell but you fired half as much cum too. Regardless it was still an impressive amount but you weren't done just yet. 

"AAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!"

Only about as third as strong as your last orgasm. That would mean you went from cumming with the force of twenty to ten to three times a normal orgasm but to you it still felt it strongly considering what it was. Bealz was luckily feeling diminishing returns as her mind was slowly returning. Sperm stopped shooting out of her and instead stared leaking out of her in small streams.

"IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!"

The intensity at which you came lost about a third of it's fluid and you came about as twice as you normally would... before moving into Bae's of course.

"OOOOOUUUUUGGGHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

You fired the same shot once more. Bae was coming to and the fogginess was only now starting to fade from your mind. It was over now. Right? You gave a few pitiful thrusts but nothing came out. Maybe after your multiple orgasms you had finally given all you had. Your breathy grunts turning to small murmurs resembling words was the only other evidence you had to go off of aside from the feeling of exhaustion finally setting in. Baelz however, wasn't taking any chances. As tired as she was she was the rat, still able to think normally lifted her tail. The entire time it had been on the ground when you gripped it too hard and was covered in the puddle of the sticky sludge your body's produced. This meant it took a lot of effort for her to weakly lift her covered tail. She wrapped around your testicles several times and used to massage you scrotum by light clenching and unclenching it accompanied by a stroking motion. The residue left on her tail only made it feel more tender and soothing. She also squeezed herself all around your penis. It was slow and repetitive. Your head was still gripped by her cervix and up against her filled womb. The pleasure had risen steadily until...

"AAAAAAAIIIIIYYYYYAAAAAAHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

And with one final thrust. Your deepest and strongest, you clenched and squeezed you're entire body and inseminated the rat in heat for the last time. She kissed your lips towards the end of your orgasm. It was only about half as strong as you last one. That would mean for the first time today you actually had normal one. Baelz was already full so anything that would've leaked out of her came out in barely noticeable dribbles.

"Ah~ The relief is too much." That was all Baelz had the strength to say before letting out a sigh.

As she the fatigued girl removed her mouth from yours and rested her head on the floor, you both gave a loud sigh and your bodies went limp. You thought your knees where going to hit the hard ground until you felt the sensation of something soft. It was soft and dry. Finally being able to focus on anything other than your friend who was still beneath you, it was the cloth that covered her mattress. The feeling was also on top of your sweaty back. It was the sheets of her bed that covered you. Baelz felt the same way you did. You two need some rest. Especially cumming more times that round than you did all the past rounds combined. You somehow managed to have thirteen orgasms equivalent to what was essentially a grand total of 100 of them when it came to how pleasurable they were. As much as you two didn't want to separate you lost balance and fell to the side. Your shrinking erection slipped out of her with an audible pop as she started leaking a slow stream of cum. Fortunately she waited a bit before teleporting to her bed or you two would've been dealing with another small puddle.

You were both heaving and Bae was quickly drifting off to sleep. You couldn't help doing so either but you had finally regained your full sense of awareness. But still, you had to apologize for... whatever it was that you did. The memories were rushing back and fading away at the same time. The way you accidentally made her feel with your earlier comments, peeping on her unintentionally and intentionally, ruining her underwear, defiling her with reckless abandon and overall forgoing her privacy and safety just so you could get off.

"Bae, I'm sor-" you started, but that was all you could get out. She cut you off with a quick kiss and a hug. You hugged back with what strength you had remaining. She buried her face into your neck as you to cuddled together.

"N-no," she softly spoke. "I shouldn't have... reacted the way I did when... when everything when... you know?" You both understood each other. You both forgave each other. Chaotic abilities or not, it made no difference. The both of you could now both rest without any worries.

But there was the potential of pregnancy.

...

"!?" For a moment, both your eyes shot open.

But then it hit you. Knowing her and her powers, nothing was going to happen unless she wanted it. But if you had desired strongly enough, something could happen considering the Bae's powers possibly being able to affect you both mutually. But once again, power or not you two where on the same page. You knew it wasn't the right time now but later on maybe you'd entertain the thought of having children. More of this was definitely from the worst fate that could've had. This was without a doubt the only future you wanted to have. And sure, there was always a chance a subconscious desire could taking control and spell misfortune for you but if that were to happen, you'd deal with that then. After all, the two of you had your endurance trained, tested and broken in many ways so many times. What would be one more, even if it lasted a life time? You were sure you'd find a way to turn that kind of "misfortune" into fortune. It was Baelz and it was the nature of your relationship. Just the right amount of chaos. Both of you closed you eyes, smiled and relaxed. The need to check on each other's thoughts were null. You knew you felt the same and could trust each other. You two could both sleep soundly knowing that you'd be there for each other when you woke up and for the rest of your lives. It was like a dream you never knew you had came true, and you wouldn't have had it any other way. Life with her was sure to be one big dice roll, but the odds didn't matter. You already won. To spend the rest of your life with your cute, chaotic rat god, lover and best friend Baelz Hakos?



"I love you~"



"I love you too, Bae."