#Clingy Crying Cuddling Sex
~~yes I'm aware of things like catheters I didn't want to bother~~
~~and also that Omori can't feel anything in the source material but I didn't want to write sex where only one person enjoys it~~

Mari had hugged Sunny every single day. And today was the first day in 6 years that he hugged her back.
"Sunny...Sunny...Sunny...Sunny..." She repeated, crying into him as she felt him crying into her. He was finally back. Sunny was coming home. "Sunny...Sunny...Sunny...Sunny..." She kept whimpering as she hugged him as tightly as possible. She wasn't letting go. She was never going to let go again. She'd make everything up to him, she'd do anything to make up for what she's done.
Omori was happy, sad, and confused. He was bawling his other eye out, getting to feel one of Mari's hugs again. The one in his dreams could never have filled the hole Mari left when she died, and this was everything he could have ever wanted. Mari's hugs...Mari's love... He didn't deserve it. He was a murderer. A monster. He didn't deserve this. He should've died. So why? Why was he here? Why...

"Sunny...please look at me..." Omori pulled his face back to look at her face. Mari's eyes were sunken, like she hadn't gotten a single good night's sleep in years. She was crying, a near stream of tears down her face. Her hair was messy and unkempt. He felt guilty seeing her like this. Omori's thoughts were interrupted by Mari planting a kiss on his lips. He blinked. Mari smiled at him through her tears. "Sunny...I missed you so much..."
Mari pushed her face against Sunny's. She saw his face contort a little, as he answered "I missed you too..." She pressed on to give Sunny another kiss, and found he opened his mouth to receive it. Mari pressed deep into his mouth, wanting to savor every last second and taste. Thoughts and feelings whirled around in her head. Sunny was back, he was alive, she was right, she loves him, she needs to make up for what she's done to him.
Mari reached her hand down under his blankets, and began to undo his hospital gown. It was annoying having to untie the knots while not being able to see them, but she'd manage. She rather be looking at Sunny's face, anyways. Mari occasionally pulled back to let out an "I love you" before delving into his mouth again, overwhelmed by bliss. "Sunny...Sunny...Sunny...!"
Omori couldn't describe this feeling. Mari was here right now. She didn't hate him. She still loved him. She was kissing him, something he hadn't felt from her in such a long time...he missed her so much it hurt. And it felt so good to be with her again, to feel her hugs, to feel her love. Her tears falling on his face, her tongue in his mouth, it felt so...wrong. Why was he here? He didn't deserve this. He couldn't...why was he being rewarded? Omori couldn't understand. He kept crying as he was overwhelmed by it all. Omori loved Mari. He loved her so much...!

Mari had finally opened his gown, and moved it so she could easily reach her hands around Sunny's erection. She moved her free hand and slowly started to fondle it. Sunny's eye widened for a moment, before narrowing in pleasure. She pulled back to say "Hehe, did you miss getting to do this too?" Sunny let out a soft "yes..." before she kissed him again. This was heaven, getting to be with her little brother again. She loved him too much.
Omori couldn't stop himself from moaning into Mari's mouth. She missed him so much...Omori knew he didn't deserve this, yet... Omori couldn't look away from the happiness on her face. He shouldn't be selfish and take this from her, even if he doesn't deserve it.
And besides...Omori felt so happy. Her overpowering tongue dominating his mouth, her hand expertly stroking and pulling and squeezing his penis, it felt too good. Mari was too good. "Mmmri...mlveou..." He barely was able to tell her.

And then it stopped. Omori froze a second after, he saw Mari's face look odd. She pulled back, and stood up off the ground. "Sunny...I-I..." She slowly started to pull down the skirt she was wearing, and her panties. Omori gulped as he saw she was dripping. Discarding her unwanted clothes on the floor, she took off her shirt as well and climbed onto the bed. On top of him. He couldn't help but find his eye drawn to her chest that had noticeably grown in the last 4 years. "I...w-want to..." It wasn't a question as much as it was a warning. She laid down on top of him, pinning him in place. Omori felt traces of fear as her face was inches from his, hot breaths beating against his face. Her face did not seem stable. "I-I...want...S-Sunny..."
"...please." He answered, wanting to experience this with her too.
Mari didn't hold back as she pressed her whole body down, feeling Sunny's penis thrusted into her. They both let out gasps as Mari kept him pinned with her whole body. She wasn't going to let go ever again. She started pistoning her lower half up and down, up and down, pleasure and joy flooding her. She felt lost in her desires, wanting Sunny more than anything, nothing was going to stop her. She pressed her face against his, keeping him in place with her arms and legs and body. The bed let out noises as she was pushing him into the mattress with each movement. Sunny was looking up at her with pleasure etched into his face. His moans spurred her onwards, and she felt him trying to match her movements. She couldn't take it, it felt so good, she loved him, Sunny felt so good, she loved him, she loved her little brother, she loved Sunny, she wouldn't ever...! "Sunny I love you I love you so much I love you Sunny Sunny Sunny I love you Sunny I-" She pushed her tongue deep into his mouth, which only muffled her.
Omori loved Mari so much. This was...so good...he could barely keep his eye open, her eyes staring into his. His penis being enveloped in warmth, his body being pressed underneath hers, her face pressed against his, her tongue invading his mouth, this was...!

Mari had barely enough sensibility left to pull up before Sunny let out a huge spurt of semen. Once he was done she rested herself on top of him, almost crushing him. The two were breathing heavily from exertion. Mari lifted one of her hands to caress his cheek, wiping away the last of their tears. Omori reached a hand up to hold hers, covered in tears. She smiled at him...and he gave a smile back.
"Sunny!" She cried out as she wrapped her arms around him in a tight hug. He did the same, the two hugging each other as tightly as they could.
"Mari, I missed you so much..." Omori whispered just loudly enough for her to her.
"I missed you too...more than you can ever know..." Mari whispered into his ear, holding him as tightly as she could.
