#Showering With Subaru
-> (this is part 2. [part 1 here](https://rentry.org/62x6xg)) <-
***
Your work on the deck for the day finished, you open the back door and head back inside, with Subaru close behind you. She hasn't said a single word since the break you two took earlier, and while you're glad the complaining stopped, it had felt a little lonely. You'd tried talking to her, sometimes asking how the work was going, sometimes bringing up totally unrelated topics, but no matter what you tried she kept giving you the silent treatment.

Surely she wasn't mad at you, right? Sure, you teased her a bit, and you left things a bit... unfinished, you could say. But she wanted a break from work, a bit of together time as a couple, and to wipe off her sweat. She got all of those. On the other hand, you wanted to get back at her for all the whining she'd been doing, a bit of time together as a couple, and for her to get some motivation to keep working. And you'd gotten everything you were looking for as well. It's not really your fault she has this sort of bullyable aura to her.

She was just being quiet because she was so focused on sanding. She'd understood you weren't going to stop until the deck was fully sanded, and it was in her best interest to help out. She deserves a good rest after that, and you eye the couch across the room, but you've forbidden both of you from sitting in it while covered in sweat since you don't want to stain it. You turn around to face her, ready to offer the first turn in the shower to her, but as you see her face your words die unsaid on your lips.

Nope. She's mad. She's definitely mad.

"I can't believe you!" She nearly shouts. "Your girlfriend comes to stay over for a few days and you just sit out there all day working on the deck. You rope me into working on it too! And then we're so worn out and tired afterwards we just lie around doing nothing! We haven't gone out anywhere fun and we haven't done anything fun at home either! Okay, maybe that part was bad luck and out of our control. But then on top of that, you... you, uh..." Her rant trails off, the colour of her face shifting from the red of anger to the red of embarrassment.

"Hmm? What did I do?"
"You... licked me like that..."
"And? You wanted your sweat cleaned off, so what's the problem?"
Oh, you know exactly what she's trying to get at. You're enjoying the conflict on her face enough that you can't help yourself from teasing her about it anyway. Subaru's always so willing to play along with pranks, teasing, and good-natured taunting that you regularly find yourself pushing the boundaries more and more. This is the first time you've ever messed with her in such an overtly sexual way, though.

It only takes a few moments for her to make up her mind. "You know exactly what the problem is! And you know what the solution is, too. I'm not taking first turn in the shower and neither are you. We're going in together. And if you even think of making some dumb excuse about it being too small for both of us, we're going over to that couch and you'll have a lot more to worry about than just a few sweat stains."

She looks you right in the eyes for a split second, then ducks past you and walks towards the bathroom, a little tug on your arm as she passes urging you to hurry up. You don't need to be told twice. The shower certainly will be a bit cramped with the two of you, but there's no way you were ever going to voice that particular thought. Besides, you suspect neither of you are too concerned about the actual showering part right now. 

By the time you get into the bathroom, she's already removed her shorts and kicked them across the floor into the corner. She's got a pretty cute pair of panties on; black, lace trim, but not too skimpy, almost like they're meant to be shown off. You can't help stopping to stare a bit, but that gets cut short abruptly when she steps forward and presses her whole body against you, sandwiching you against the wall. Your arms instinctively move up to wrap around her in a hug, but she has other ideas, impatiently grabbing one of your hands and guiding it down between her legs to rest on her crotch. It feels soft, and warm, and... a bit wet?

"That's not just sweat," She whispers, and when you open your mouth to reply you find it blocked by a sudden forceful kiss. It's not like Subaru's a dead fish in bed or anything, but you're not used to her taking the initiative quite this forcefully. It's nice, having her so clear and frantic about wanting you. If this is what a bit of teasing and denial earlier in the day gets you, maybe you should try it more often. Or maybe not, since you get the feeling Subaru would not be nearly as happy about it as you are. You're not one to decline when she's so eager, so you start rubbing her through her panties.

"Mmmpphhp!"

The noise she lets out is some combination of surprise and pleasure, but she doesn't break the kiss so it's hard to tell exactly which. Her tongue has moved from licking at your lips to gradually exploring the inside of your mouth, and between that and her breasts pressed up against your chest you're pretty turned on by now. If she can still devote this much attention to kissing, though, you must not be doing a good enough job down there, so you shift your focus back to your hand. You play around with rubbing fast or slow, soft or hard, trying out different angles and spots to see how she reacts. With your bodies so close together, you don't miss any of her little trembles of pleasure, and as you narrow in on the right spots you also don't miss that they're getting bigger and more frequent. Finally, she breaks the kiss.

"Well, aren't you proactive today?"
"It's all your fault. You teased me— Ah... Teased me, left me like that, said we'd— Oooh... We'd continue later. I was so close, and then the whole time I was— Mmmm... I couldn't get the images out of my mind of what we'd do later. I couldn't— Right there... Yes... Ohhh... Don't you dare stop this time! Don't you dare don't you dare don't you— Mmmmmmhh!"
Cut off mid-sentence, she leans into you for support as her whole body tenses up, trapping your hand between her thighs. You feel and hear her breathing, fast and irregular for a moment but then slowly returning to normal as she regains control of her body and stands back up on her own. Considering you had your hand outside her panties the whole time, that was pretty quick. Guess she wasn't kidding about being pent up.

You speak first. "Are you calmed down enough now that we can actually get in the shower? Or did you want another one?"
"Yeah. Uh, no. I mean, shower's fine, yeah..."
She mumbles out a confused response, clearly not back to thinking at 100% yet, and starts to take off her sports bra. You'd love to ogle her stripping but she's already taken off her shorts, so she has a bit of a headstart on the undressing and you don't have the time to stand around idly watching her. What this does mean though is that by the time you get all your clothes off, you look over to see her in the nude, and now she's the one ogling you. You've been fully hard for a while now and you can tell her line of sight is not pointed toward your face. When she notices you've caught her staring, she silently turns aside, grabs a bottle of soap off the counter, and gets into the shower, with you following close behind.

She turns on the water and you just stand back, your eyes tracing the flow of water from her shoulders, over her breasts, along her sides, down her legs... she's beautiful. And really hot, of course. You need to rinse yourself off as well, but that's where you run into a problem. When you lean forward to get under the water as well, you inadvertently push her out of it and almost all the way against the shower wall. She tries to sneak back in, but this pushes you back out the other side, and you're not going to rinse your sweat standing around outside the falling water so you have to squeeze your way back in. Predictably, this squeezes her back out. After a few more loops of this, Subaru gives up and turns the water off.

"This sucks! Why's your shower so small, how were we ever supposed to both fit in here? And stop making that 'I told you so' face, you didn't warn me or anything!" Subaru's words suggest frustration, but you can tell from her tone that she's not actually that bothered. Besides, it's her fault you didn't say anything, though with how desperate she was at the time you're unsure if she even remembers that. Ready to move on to the next step, she opens up the bottle of soap, and that's when you realize it's not soap but lube.

"Turn this way, I'll 'wash' you first." Her emphasis is so unsubtle you can almost see the air quotes, and any doubts you had that she might have grabbed the wrong bottle by accident instantly disappear. She pours a bit out onto her hands as you turn to face her, and then starts to rub it over your body, starting from your shoulders and slowly moving downwards. She lingers a little at your chest, your dick twitching as her hands slide smoothly across your nipples. But her hands eventually continue downwards, stroking your sides, rubbing your stomach, going lower and lower until... She stops, squats down, and then starts again from your ankles, this time working her way very slowly upwards. 

"Uh, Subaru?"
"Hmm? What's wrong? It's important to wash your legs too."
You feel her breath on your dick and you look down to see her with her face right in front of it, very intentionally not touching it at all, looking up at you with an infuriatingly smug grin. Guess this is her revenge for what did to her earlier today. Looking down at her, an alternative plan springs to mind.

"Oh, of course, thanks Subaru. You know, while you're down there, why don't I help out by washing your hair in return?"
You reach down with both hands and grab her head, ruffling her hair slightly as you wait and watch carefully for the next time she opens her mouth. The moment she does, you pull her forwards towards your crotch, thrusting yourself into her mouth. She lets out some surprised sputtering, but when she realizes you've been careful to not go any deeper than she's normally comfortable with, she gets on board with the idea and begins to give you a blowjob. 

Even in just the first few seconds it feels wonderful, and as she gets more into it and brings a hand up to start stroking you at the base as well, it only gets better. Maybe you're also pent up from everything that's happened so far today since before too long your hands that had originally pulled her in are now pulling her off. As nice as it would feel to cum in her mouth, you haven't gotten around to washing her yet and you're sure there's plenty more fun to come. She hasn't finished with your legs thanks to your interruption, but you don't really care about that right now. "Pass the bottle?" You say, keeping it brief to hide your lack of composure. She hands it over and then stands there looking at you with her arms behind her back and a look of anticipation on her face.

Just like Subaru had done, you pour some out onto your hands. Unlike Subaru, you don't bother wasting time on the shoulders. You skip straight to her breasts, giving them a gentle squeeze with both hands before starting to slowly rub them in circles. Her gasp of pleasure tells you she was caught off guard, expecting you to take the same leisurely route she had, and you can already feel her nipples hardening against your palms. You play with her nipples for a bit, enjoying the little squeaks she makes, but you don't have a ton of patience right now so you soon slide one hand down to her pussy and start rubbing in some lube there as well.

"Finally... it feels so much better directly. But I think it's really extra dirty on the inside, so hurry up and wash there..." She's practically pleading at this point. It's so cute that she's still trying to keep up the whole washing charade at this point, too. You try your best to play along.
"Good thing I've brought my nice long washing rod."  Washing rod? That's seriously the best that came to mind? You want to slap yourself. Doesn't seem like Subaru minded though, or maybe she wasn't even paying attention to your words.
It takes a bit of time to figure out how to position yourself in the cramped shower, but eventually you end up facing each other with you half-lifting half-pressing Subaru up against the wall, with her lifting one leg up and hooking it around behind your back. You look her in the eye and she nods, so you shift your hips forward and slowly slide it in.

""Mmmmhh"" Did that moan come from you, or from her?  You couldn't tell. It could just as easily have been from both of you. You can feel Subaru clinging to you, not just down where you're connected but with the rest of her body as well, her arms grabbing tightly around your upper back. You begin to thrust in and out.

Honestly, the whole setup is a bit awkward. You usually do it in bed, with one or both of you lying down, or on all fours, or something simple like that. This is the first time you've ever had sex with both of you standing up, and you're clumsily trying to find the best angle while Subaru's breathing gets rougher and rougher, struggling with trying to hold her unusual position while she gradually loses control of her body to pleasure. Fortunately, none of this really matters. The atmosphere has been sexually charged from the moment you entered the bathroom, and the foreplay earlier has you on-edge enough that pretty much anything would feel good. It might not be perfect, but it's good enough for you.

It's good enough for Subaru too, if the sounds she's making are any indication. Her heavy breathing had given way to moans and squeals, which had in turn given way back to sharp irregular breaths that you know means she's about to cum. You're getting close too, so you try to speed up as best you can and you feel her body start to shake slightly.

"AAAAAAAaaaaaaaahh..."  With a loud near-shout that gradually trails off into a quiet sigh, Subaru climaxes. As she does, her tensing muscles squeeze down and push you over the edge as well. With a sigh of your own, you shoot out spurt after spurt deep inside Subaru, so overwhelmed by the pleasure that your hips can't keep up the thrusting anymore. You're glad you held out for this instead of settling for her mouth earlier.  You pull out, but continue holding on to her, the two of you just basking in the afterglow for a while. Eventually you untangle from each other, Subaru sinking down to sit on the floor of the shower and you supporting yourself by leaning against the shower wall. You both wait for a while in silence, and eventually she speaks.

"That was amazing."
"Yeah. It was."
"I think now I need a real shower." She puts her hand to her crotch and then lifts it away, a mixture of lube and body fluids stuck to her fingers.
"Me too. But one at a time this time, alright? You can go first, I'll go grab the actual soap."
"Thanks. Love you, Anon."
"Love you too, Subaru."

***
[part 3 here](https://rentry.org/8dsae)